
put the chips in the drawer
  plaese find my wallet near the pool table in the other room, and bring it to me in the meeting room
 Throw away the plastic water cup and clean up the table after.
A meeting in the MK starts in a couple minutes. While I set up the video chat please pull out 4 chairs for the people attending in person, as well as bring a hint water and some snacks for us.
A meeting is starting soon, please go to the conference room and pull all the chairs out to prep it for us by laying out notebooks and pens
A meeting is starting soon, please prep by using a lysol wipe to wipe the table, then put out four sets of sticky notes and blue pens
Actually, I don't want the almonds. Can you throw them away and prepare me a cup of water?
add a meal into green plate
add some holes to the paper using the hole punch on the table 
add the oranges to the fruit bowl.
Add the paper bowl liner from the top left drawer to the fruit bowl, stock the apples into the bowl, put the cups away into the top right drawer, then stock the loose spoons into the spoon holder
Add the paper lining to the bowl, then stock the apples into the bowl
Add the paper lining to the fruit bowl and stock the apples, then get the knives from the bottom left drawer and stock the minto the knife container
add two black pens, two blue pens and a post-it pad into the mesh cup and take it to the small table by the front door
Alex would like some Wild Ginger Harvest snacks, please bring him some
alex's blood sugar level is low. bring him some water and a packet of sugar and put it on his desk.
arm won't bend far enough
Arrange popcorn snack in a line
Arrange the chocolate cookies into the tray, then place the filled tray into the top drawer
arrange the little plants on my desk left to right from shortest to tallest plant
Arrange the pillows in the lounge area, then throw the hint water away into the mixed recycling bin
Ask employees what kind of refreshment they would like then retrieve it for them
Ask employess what kind of snack they would like then retrive it for them.
Assess the chip inventory in the snack baskets
bring a coconut water to my desk
Bring a hint water from the MK to RC5.
Bring a peach from the MK to RC5.
bring a usb c charger from the bookshelf to the desk in the whitney room
bring an apple and orange to the table
bring banana peel from desk to compost bin then come back and bring bowl to compost bin.
bring bananas to the table
bring be a drink from the table outside
bring bowl of grapes from mk to desk at wavelength 1a6.
bring compost bowl at 2p2a to compost bin then bring a pipcorn cheese balls to 2p2a
bring empty beverage carton to recycling bin then bring back a bag of lesser evil popcorn pink himilayan flavor to the table.
bring empty beverage carton to recycling then bring back a bag of bbq chips.
bring empty bottle from table to recycling bin.
bring empty can from table to recycling bin.
bring empty pipcorn bag from 2p2a to landfill bin then bring back an alter eco chocolate to 2p2a.
bring fruits to the table
Bring Gavin a green tea can and place it on his work station.
bring girl scout cookies from desk back to microkitchen
bring girl scout cookies to a desk
bring me a banana from mk to desk at wavelength 1a6.
bring me a banana from the mk and place it on my desk
bring me a blue pen from the cart over by the tv
bring me a notebook from the other desk to mine and put pens in basket
bring me a pipcorn cheese snack from the mk to the table
bring me a snack
bring me the blue ethernet cable from the cart
bring me the cart of supplies
bring me the lysol wipes from the cart over by the tv
bring me the notebooks and pens from the other desk to mine
bring notebook and pen to other table
Bring some apple pie from the MK to RC5.
bring some highlighters to the conference room
Bring supply cart from outside and into meeting room.
bring the cart over and get a pen
Bring the cart to the refrigerator, then stock the sodas into their designated places 
bring the cart to the table, put the hand sanitizer and the wipes on the table, then return the cart to the corner of the room
bring the cup and the coke can to me, i'm at the dining nook
bring the girl scout cookies from the desk back to the microkitchen.
Bring the kitchen sink supplies to the sink in the MK
bring the lysol wipes from the dining table to the whitney conference room table, please
Bring the microphone pouch from the cabinent to the table and close the cabinent afterwards
Bring the stack of sd cards to the table next to it
build a box tower
build a fruit pyramid
Ca you refill the snack drawer with pretzles , chips and chocolate cookies
can you bring a coconut water to my desk please
can you bring April almonds and a green tea from the fridge to her desk please?
can you bring cherrios ,yogurt and a napkin to my desk please
Can you bring cherrios and a green tea from the fridge to my desk my please?
can you bring me a coconut water and put it on my desk 
can you bring me a coke bottle from the MK?
can you bring me a cup of water  please
can you bring me a guava rose probotiic drink from the fridge
can you bring me hibcus probotic water from the mk
can you bring me some fruit from the mk and bring it to my table
can you bring me some gum on a paper from MK kitchen and bring it to my desk
can you bring some choclates to my desk from the mk
can you clean up the mess from my desk and put it back to the container box
Can you empty the bowl of apples?
Can you empty the bowl of pears? They are about to go bad.
Can you fill me up a cup of water using a coffee cup and place it on Omar's desk?
Can you fill the bowl with apples please?
Can you fill the tray with hilighters and pens
can you fill two cups with pastachios and grab a napkin?
Can you get me a bowl of Frosted Flakes cereal?
Can you get me a bowl of fruits and napkin from the MK and bring it to me at the table
Can you get me a coffee cup and cup lid?
can you get me a coffee cup and cup lid?
Can you get me a coke and put it on my desk?
Can you get me a hand sanitizer from printer room and bring it to my desk
can you get me a hand sanitizer from the printer room and bring it to my desk
can you get me a notepad and pen and bring it to my desk and also turn on the lamp
can you get me a popcorn from mk kitchen with a bowl and a spoon and bring it to my desk
Can you get me a sanitizer from printer room to my desk
can you get me a scissor from printer room to my desk
can you get me a snack from Mk kitchen
can you get me some hint water watermelon from the MK kitchen and also a laffy taffy and put it on my desk
Can you get me two coke cans and put them on my desk please?
can you get me water from Mk Fridge and bring it to my desk
Can you get the bowl of grapes from the MK for me and napkins as well?
Can you go into phone room 2A2 and whipe it down for me please.
Can you go into the MK and grab me a banana and a napkin and place it on my desk
can you grab 2 toy boats from the plasitc box on the floor and place it in the top drawer on the left side of the counter?
can you grab 4 toy boats from the plasitc box on the floor and place it in the top drawer on the left side of the counter?
can you grab 4 toy boats from the plastic box on the floor and place them onto the table?
can you grab a snack from the mk and leave it on my desk for me please
can you grab a stapler and refill it with staples
Can you grab me 3 different sodas and set them on my desk please?
can you grab me 3 dog toys from the plasic box on the floor and put them on the counter?
can you grab me a blue pen from the stationary box.
can you grab me a bowl of pistachios from the MK?
can you grab me a coconut water from the fridge and place it on my desk please
can you grab me a coconut water from the mk and bring it to my desk
Can you grab me a laffy taffy from the MK kitchen and bring it to my desk
Can you grab me a red pack and white pack of seaweed snacks and bring them to me at my desk
Can you grab me come cashews and a apple and bring it to the lunch table
Can you grab me some water and put it in a plastic container with a paper straw?
Can you grab me to packets of decongestants from the first aid box
can you grab me two toys and place it on my desk please
can you grab my water bottle from the counter, fill it with water, then place it back on the counter
Can you grab the cubed container and fill it with blue pens, black pens and place it back in its stand
Can you head into the MK and grab me a beef stick and peanut butter pack
Can you move my cup of water to Matt's desk?
Can you open the cabinet and bring me a notebook
can you open the drawer from mk kitchen and get me a chips and bring it to my desk
Can you organize the Peanut butter packets in the drawer
can you please add oakmilk and stir it with a coffe stir please
can you please bring choclocate popcorn to the mk table
Can you please bring coconut hint water and chile lime pistachios to my desk.
can you please bring my cup of milk to my desk
Can you please clean up and throw away the trash from the desk in the mk 
can you please clean up the spilled candy on the table in the MK
Can you please clean up the water spill from my desk?
Can you please clear all the dishes on the table in the MK and put them into the sink
Can you please dump out the spoon in my mug and than place the mug into the sink in the MK 
Can you please empty out the bowl of apples?
Can you please fill up a cup of water?
can you please fill up a cup of water?
can you please get me a cup of water from the mk
can you please get me four scoops of pistachios in a bowl
can you please grab me a bowl of pistachios from the MK?
Can you please grab some almonds,chile lime almonds and mangos in a cup.
can you please grab the pieces to the boardgame in the drawer
can you please grab those three books for me and place them on the table
Can you please help me clean up the water spill in the MK?
can you please help me clean up the water spill in the mk?
Can you please open the top drawer and grab me all the plates, than place them on the table
Can you please orgainze the chips into top drawer and candies into middle drawer. 
can you please pick up the spilled coffee bean candy on my desk?
Can you please pour out the water cup and throw away the cup?
can you please put a coconut hint water and a bag of chips in my backpack.
Can you please put all the candy in the bowl?
can you please put black pens ,red pens , and pencils in the black wire pen holder cup from the office supply cabinet
Can you please put candies and chip bag in middle drawer and tea bags in top drawer
can you please put candies in white bowl and chip bags in white tray from top drawer.
Can you please put red pens , black pens and green highligher from office supply  into the black pen cup holder ? 
Can you please put the candies and chip bags back from the mk table to the drawers.
can you please put the candies from middle drawer into bowl and the chips from top drawer into tray.
can you please put the candies from top drawer into white bowl ?
can you please put the candies from white bowl into top drawer?
can you please put the supplies back into the caddy
can you please put the wipes away in the filing cabinet
can you please recycle the cup on the table
can you please refill my water bottle
Can you please refill my water cup?
can you please scoop me a few cheese balls snack from the MK
Can you please serve chile pistachio and bring them to mk table 
can you please take all the toys out of the basket and place it on the table
Can you please throw away the cans from the mk table to the trash can
can you please throw away the trash from my desk please
Can you please throw away the trash from the mk table 
Can you please throw away the trash in the trash can from my desk?
can you please throw away trash from my desk.
Can you please throw the plastic cup into the compostables bin
can you please wipe the yogart off the table and then throw away yogart cup into trash.
can you por me some pistachioos into a bowl
can you pour hot water into my tea, add a lid, then bring the hot tea to my desk
can you pour me a cup a water, add a lid and a straw, then bring it to my desk
can you pour me a cup of water then bring it to my desk please
can you pour me some milk into a cup
can you pour me some water into a cup and bring it to my desk please
Can you pour out the water from the cup into the sink and then throw away the cup?
can you pour out the water from the cup into the sink and then throw away the cup?
Can you pour out the water out of the cup and then throw it away?
can you pour the cup of cereal into the bowl, grab a spoon from the cup of utensils and put it into the bowl, then move the hint water bottle and cup from the desk to the cart.
can you prepare a cup of tea for me by putting the tea bag in the cup then take it to the small table
Can you prepare a fruit bowl?
can you prepare a plate of 2 pears and 3 oranges?
Can you prepare me a bowl of pipcorn from the MK?
can you prepare me a bowl of pipcorn from the mk?
Can you prepare me a cup of water and place it near my workplace?
can you prepare me a cup of water and place it near my workplace?
Can you prepare me a plastic cup of water with no straw in it?
Can you prepare the Ultraviolet meeting room?
Can you push in the chairs in the Mechanics meeting room?
Can you push in the chairs in the Phone room IC8 and wipe the table clean?
Can you put a blie pen and a black pen in the mesh cup and take it to phone room 2A2
can you put all the brown sugar packs in the tray with the other brown ones
Can you put away the tea cups and the tea bags?
can you put back blue highligher , red pens ,green expo marker in the office supply cabinet
can you put back pen and get me a hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
can you put back pen and notepad and get me a scissor from printer room to my desk
can you put back scissor and while coming back can you get me a pencil and bring it to my desk
can you put back the notepad and pen and when coming back can you get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen 
can you put back the pen and get me a stapler from printer room and put it in my desk 
can you put back the pen and note pad and while coming back can you get me dried mango in a bowl from Mk kitchen to my desk
Can you put back the pen and while coming back can you get me a caramel popcorn in a bowl with spoon from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you put back the pen and while coming back get me a laffy taffy from mk kitchen to my desk
Can you put back the pink highlighters, green expo marker, and red pens into the office supply closet?
can you put back the sanitizer and bring me a sticky note and a pen from printer room to my desk
can you put back the sanitizer and while coming back get me a hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
can you put back the scissor and get me a stapler from printer room to my desk
Can you put my candy away in the filing cabinet please.
can you put sanitizer back and while coming back can you get me a pen and a notepad and bring it to my desk
Can you put the markers in the cup by the white board and fill the pen dispenser up with the trest of the pens
can you put the pens away in the filing cabinet and then wipe it clean with a disinfecting wipe
Can you put the snack bar and popcorn bags back in the drawer
can you put the toy boats that is in the top left drawer of the counter, and put them in the plastic bin on the floor?
Can you put the wipes in the MK back in the Wavelength room?
Can you rease the white board, turn the light of and close the door please
can you recycle the hint water bottle and take the black cup to the sink in the mk
Can you refill my cup of water and replace the cap and the straw?
Can you refill my water cup and replace the cap and straw?
Can you rinse off the espresso cup in the MK
can you scoop up some espresso beans into my cup please?
Can you stock the filing cabinet with the hilighters and notepad
Can you straighten out the seawek snacks in the MK please
can you take out all the fruits from the bowl
Can you take the markers and place them by the whiteboard
can you take the trash on my desk and drop it in the compostables bin by the elevator
can you throw away all the trash from my desk and get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw away coffee cup from my desk and get me pen and notepad from printer room to my desk
Can you throw away from my desk and bring me a hint watermelon from Mk Kitchen to my desk
can you throw away the trash and while coming back get me a pen and notepad from Printer room to my desk
Can you throw away the wrapper of laffy taffy and bring me a sanitizer from printer room to my desk
can you throw away trash and while coming back bring me a pen and note pad from printer room to my desk
Can you throw away trash from my desk
can you throw away trash from my desk while coming back can you grab me a pen
can you throw banana in the trash and get me a hint watermelon from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw coffee cup in trash and get me a hint watermelon from Mk Fridge to my desk
can you throw hint water from my desk and get me a new one from mk fridge to my desk
can you throw the bottle from my desk and I am hungry can you bring me a popcorn from MK kitchen in a bowl with a spoon and bring it to my desk
can you throw the coffee cup from my desk and get me a scissor while coming back
can you throw the trash from my desk and while coming back can you get me a sanitizer from printer room to my desk
can you throw the water bottle and get me a new hint watermelon from MK kitchen to my desk
can you throw the water bottle from my desk and get me a new hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk
can you throw trash from my desk 
can you throw trash from my desk and bring me a  laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and bring me a hint watermelon from MK kitchen and bring it to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and emily is thirsty can you bring her a water in a cup with lid from Mk and give it to her in RC5
can you throw trash from my desk and get me a disinfecting wipes from behind the rc5 cabinets and bring it to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and get me a pen from printer room and bring it to my desk
Can you throw trash from my desk and get me a sanitizer from printer room to my desk
Can you throw trash from my desk and get me a scissor from the printer room to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back can you bring me a hand sanitizer from printer room
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back can you get me a hint water from mk fridge 
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back can you get me a laffy taffy from mk kitchen
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back get me a dried mango in a bowl and bring it to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back get me a hand sanitizer from printer room to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk and while coming back get me a watermelon hint water from Mk fridge to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk can get me a popcorn chips from Mk Kitchen to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk can you bring hint watermelon from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw trash from my desk in rc5 and can you get me a sanitizer from printer room
can you throw trash from my desk while coming back get me a pen and notepad from printer room
can you throw trash in the trash can and get me a notepad and a pen from printer room to my desk
can you throw water bottle  from my desk and get me a new hint watermelon from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw water bottle from my desk 
can you throw water bottle from my desk and get me a new hint watermelon from Mk kitchen to my desk
can you throw water on the sink and throw the cup and lid in the trash can
Can you tidey up the meeting room by clearing the electronics , note pads and sponges off the table and pushing the chairs in?
Can you tidey up the table by collecting the headsets, controllers and putting the notepad away
Can you tuck the chairs back in the Ultraviolet meeting room?
Can you turn on the light and set up the board game for us to play?
can you wash an apple for me?
Can you wipe off the mini table?
can you wipe off the mini table?
Can you wipe off the stain on the counter?
Can you wipe off the stains on the counter in the MK and then throw the wipe away?
Can you wipe the stain off the counter and then throw the wipe away?
can you wipe the whiteboard clean before my meeting
can you you grap some scissors from the supply cabinet area and set it on the desk for me please?
carry the box
Change the paper lining the apple bowl
Charge the uncharged GoPro batteries in the battery chargers
Check all three phone rooms and erase all the whiteboards
check the snack drawers and please bring me a chocolate peanut butter cup, as well as a couple sugar packets. Take the paper bowl on my table and put the items into it, and bring back to me.
chips are out of order, can you rearrange them back to where they belong?
clean desk, bring pen and charger, and put drink in cup holder
Clean the conference table with a Lysol wipe
Clean the couch armrests with leather cleaner wipes.
clean the couch by pushing everything onto the floor.
clean the desk by throwing the coclean the desk by throwing away the trash into the appropriate bins.
clean the desk by throwing the paper in the trash and the napkins in the compostables bin.
Clean the fishbowl using disinfectant wipes.
clean the table by pushing all the chip bags into the bin.
clean the trash off the table
Clean up after the meeting by putting away all the pens and tucking the charging cables into the table
Clean up after the meeting by tucking away all the charging cables putting all the pens away and pushing in all the chairs
Clean up spill and throw away the napkins and spilled cup
Clean up the conference table
clean up the floor
Clean up the library.
Clean up the meeting room
Clean up the phone room by erasing the whiteboard and putting away the pens by color.
Clean up the storage cabinet a bit by closing the drawers and restacking the notebooks.
clear desk of all the trash and throw it all in the correct bin
Clear out and organize the kitchen counter
Clear out the pens on the table by putting them back in the office supplies 
Clear out the table by throwing the cups and the wipe away 
clear the coffee table and place items in box.
Close all of the cabinets and drawers
close the covers to my binders
close the door from the inside of the phone room
close the door to the phone room
close the wipe dispenser and then throw the wipe away
collect all of the food items on the table and put them in the gray bin
Collect all of the spilled candy and put it in one container
combine all the candies from the small cups into the big cup.
combine all the candies from the small cups into the bowl
combine the alcohol pads and add a box of paperclips to the tray
Comply with the employee and provide an alternate snack
Comply witht the employee and provide an alternate drink
Decorate the library with the robots in the basket
Deliver five mechanical pencils and five blue pens to Steve's desk
Deliver the following items to Steve's desk from the supply cabinet: one yellow highlighter, one red expo marker, one blue highlighter, two blue pens
done using the notepad can you put it back and while coming back get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
draw a heart on the paper
draw an orange on the sheet of paper.
draw on the paper
draw on the whiteboard.
draw.
dump all the supplies in the top drawer of the file cabinet.
Dump out the extra contents in the bottle and throw it away.
Emily left her phone in the library on the couch. Can you put it on Utsav's desk?
Emily wants to try the carrot cake caramels, please put some into a bag and bring them to her
empty all three cups of candy onto the table and then stack the three cups together
empty bin onto the table
empty chip tray
empty chip tray into cupboard
empty fruit out of red bowl
empty green bin onto the table
Empty out the tray of pretzles and popcorn
Empty out the tray of pretzles and popcorn, please
Empty paper cups before throwing it into the compostables bin
empty pen holder
empty the box of chips
empty the candies from the tray
empty the chips onto the counter
Enter the office and erase the whiteboards using the hanging rag. You may need to slide the front whiteboard over to reveal and hidden writing or drawings
Erase anything that is written on the whiteboard in the Ultraviolet meeting room.
Erase doodle from the whiteboard
Erase the contents of the whiteboard in the office room.
erase the whiteboard in the phoneroom 
Erase the whiteboard with the hanging towel, then return the towel to its hook
erase the whiteboard.
Erase the writing on the whiteboard.
everything into the bin
fill basket with oatmeal packets
fill my water bottle with water from the mk and bring it to my desk
fill oatmeal tray until both sides has atleast 3 oatmeal packets.
fill oatmeal tray with oatmeal packets until both sides have atleast 3
Fill the basket with books.
fill the basket with oatmeal packets
fill the basket with the rest of the barbecue chips from the cart, please arrange them neatly in two rows
fill the bowl with apples
fill the box with the candy
Fill the stationary cup with blue pens
fill the stationary with  blue pens 
Fill the stationary with note pads and two blue  pens and two black pens
fill the white bucket with the oranges, then go deliver the bucket to newman, who sits at desk 1j5a
Fill up a cup of water and put a cap and straw in it. 
fill up my water bottle with water then place it back on the counter
fill up the fruit bowl.
Find a pair of tweezers and a finger bandage and take them to Erics Desk
Find all six colored plastic cups and put them away into the top right drawer sorted by color
fine a phone on a desk
first point at and then knock over the can and bottle
flatten the box
flip the 3 cups
flip the cup rightside up and then fill the cup with pistachios
flip the cups
Flip the mesh containers and the bowls. Place the chips in the basket with the kettle chips on the right side. Place the laffytaffys in the bowls with the banana flavor in the left bowl. Place the tongs in each of the mesh containers.
flip the two cups
fold sweatshirt
fold the brown sweater
fold the sweater
get 1 coke and 2 lacroix from the fridge to the counter table
get a bag of cheese balls and bring it to my desk
get a bag of popcorn from the microkitchen and bring it to a desk.
get a bag of rice chips and bring it to my desk
get a banana from the microkitchen and bring it to my desk
get a bowl and put fruit in it
Get a few pens and place them in the pen holder and bring it to the phone booth
get a laffy taffy and bring it to the desk.
get a marker and write on the whiteboard.
get a napkin and banana from the microkitchen and bring it to the table.
get a napkin and erase the whiteboard.
Get a rice snack from MK and bring it to the table
get a seaweed snack and napkin and bring it to the table.
Get a strip of tape and give it to the other table when they need to use it
get a whiteboard marker and write on the whiteboard
get all the candies from the small cups and place it in the big cup.
Get all the markers from the other room
get apples and bring them to the table
get me a blue pen, a black pen and a screen wipe, then return the cart to the corner of the room
get me a cup and fill it with dried orange slices
Get me a cup of coffee and bring to my desk
Get me a cup of water using a coffee cup.
Get me a glass of water in a plastic cup
Get me a gummy bear and put it in a cup. 
get me a pb&j from the fridge to my table
get me a pepsi from the fridge and take it to my desk
get me a piece of tape from he dispenser
Get me a set of highlighters and a post it from the supply cabinent and don't forget to close the cabinent door
Get me a set of pens and place it on the table
get me a snack from Mk kitchen to my desk
Get me a water from Mk fridge to my desk
get me some coffe
get me some coffee
get me some cups please
Get me the hand sanitizer from the table and bring it to my office.
Get me the red whiteboard eraser from the file cabinet and place it on the desk
Get me three sanitizer wipe packets, three black expo markers, two blue expo markers, and two red expo markers from the supply cabinet and deliver them to the first desk in Sam's room
Get my water bottle and empty tupperware from my desk and place it in the sink
get one bag of each different type of seaweed snack and bring it to the table.
Get Sam a La Croix drink and put it on his working desk.
Get some chocolate almond eggs from the jar, place them into a small paper cup, and deliver them to Steve Vega
get something from the fridge to a table
get the banana and hint water from the filing cabinet and place it on a desk.
get the banana peel from the desk and throw it away into the compostable bin
get the bottled water from the dining nook and bring it to the counter near the massage chair.
Get the charging cable out of the box from the file cabinet, then return the box to the cabinet
get the chips and coconut water from the desk and bring it to the coffee table by the sofa.
get the chips from the bin and place it on the desk.
get the chips from the drawer and put it in the basket.
get the chocolate chip cookies from the microkitchen and bring it to the counter.
get the cleaning wipes from the chair and place it back into the basket on the desk.
get the cups from the bin and place it on the desk in one stack.
get the cups from the bin and put it in one neat stack on the desk.
get the empty coffee cup and banana and bring it to my desk please.
get the eraser from the desk and erase the whiteboard.
get the girl scout cookies in the microkitchen and bring it to a desk.
get the items from the bottom drawer of the file cabinet and place it on the desk.
get the items from the desk and put it in the file cabinet.
get the laffy taffy from the microkitchen and bring it to a desk
get the pen and wite a note, then stick stick the note on the wall.
get the power cord and bring it to my desk
get the print job and bring put on table
get the snacks from the chair and move it to the table.
get the snacks from the top of the file cabinet and place it on the desk.
get the stylus and draw on the touchscreen.
Get the teas from the drawer and put it on the tea display
Get the teas from the drawers and put it on the tea display
Give me a set of pen and post it to write on and my phone
glaze fish with sauce from bowl and cut fish with butter knife
Go into the conference room, turn on the light and erase all of the writing on the whiteboards. You might need to scoot some whiteboards over to get to all of the writing
Go into the meeting roon and tuck in all of the chairs
go make a cup of water
Go to the conference room and grab me a small recycle bin and than throw away the cup on the table for me
go to the printer and get the papers and put it on samuel's desk please.
Go to the supply cabinet and please grab me a box of tissue, clear tape, and big post it. Than can you bring them to my desk
grab a banana from the mk and bring it to the desk im working at
Grab a blue pen and write a note on the yellow notepad, then place the note on the middle desk over by the window
grab a bowl from the stack and pour chips in it
grab a disinfecting wipe and whipe down the table and chair
Grab a few highlighters and bring them to the phone room
grab a mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, put all the red pens in it, then place it back on the cart
Grab a mug from drawer and get me some water in the MK please
Grab a napkin and clean up the crumbs from the table and toss them in the trash bin
Grab a napkin, an orange and salt  for me from the MK and bring it to my desk
Grab a notebook from supply cabinet and place it on my desk please
grab a paper bowl, open the jar and use the scoop to get me some cashews.
Grab a peanut butter jelly sandwich and put it on Utsav's desk.
Grab a wipe and clean the table before the meeting starts.
Grab all the cups from the table into one and stack them 
grab few oranges and place into plte after throwing fish away
Grab Joe a yellow Croix drink and place it on his working desk. 
grab me a banana and bring it to my desk please
grab me a banana from the mk and bring it to my desk please
grab me a coconut water from the mk and bring it to my laptop 
Grab me a couple of fruits from the MK and from my bagpack
Grab me a few napkins from the sink area so I can wipe spill drinks
grab me a fork then grab me a spoon and bring it to my table.
grab me a guava rose sparkling drink from the fridge.
Grab me a stapler and scissor from supply room
Grab my corp phone from the meeting room and place it on my desk
grab my printer job and bring it to my desk
grab some cups and put on table
Grab some packs of Excedrin and take them to erics desk
Grab Swiss chocolates from the MK and give them to the person wearing a pink sweater.
grab the apple and the bottle on the floor and put them in the bin
Grab the bottle of tea from the fridge and take it to the desk across the hall
Grab the cubed ceramic container and fill it with black pens
grab the dry erase marker from the table and draw on the whiteboard
grab the empty mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, place the black pens at every seat back in it, then put it back on the cart with the pens in it
Grab the extra cups and put them away in the drawer under the microwave please
Grab the lysol and bring it to my desk near the MK
grab the mesh container of black pens from the cart, place it on the table, then place a black pen at every seat
Grab the paper bowl, open the jar, use the metal tongs and grab me some pieces of dried mango
grab the pen holder from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens in it, then place it back on the cart
grab the pool cue and take a shot at the white ball
Grab the splint from behind the eyewash and take it to Erics desk
Grab the two wick basket thats on the table and place them on the shelf separately
grab the used wipe from the meeting room and throw it away. can you turn the light off on your way out as well
group the markers according to colors
hang my green bag on the coat rack, please
hang my shopping bag on the coat rack
Hang the bag and jacket on the coat rack in the office.
hang the bag on the coat rack and put the charger, mouse box, and ethernet cable inside it
hang the bag on the door handle and place the snacks and empty drink bottle in the bag.
hang the bag on the door handle and place the snacks inside it
hang the bag on the door handle and put snacks in the bag.
Hang the head set on the arm chair and place gamepad on the chair
have robot clean up stuff from the floor and but in bin
help me clean the desk next to me by throwing away the empty chip bag in the trash in the MK, and while you are there bring me back a snack
help me clean up the inside of the locker please
Help me clean up the stationary caddy by taking out the bowls, and food items and placing them on the small table
help me clear the table by disposing of the empty vitamin water, coffee cup, and napkins
help me move everything to my desk to the right
help me refill the tray with coffee cups and lids
help me tidy my desk by putting the pens in the cup and everything else in the cabinet under my desk
Help refill the disosable espresso cups please
help set up the room for the meeting by passing out pens to each chair
hide popcorn bag in cabinet
hide snack in cabinet and locking the drawer
i am about to have a meeting in a phone room, please take something to drink to one of the rooms and turn on the lights for me
I am coming to office in 5 minutes can you clean my desk and pull out my chair and throw all the trash from my desk and bring me hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
I am coming to office in 5 minutes can you clean my desk and pull out my chair and throw away the trash and get me a hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
I am done drinking coffee can you throw it away and get me a laffy taffy from MK Kitchen to my desk.
I am done drinking hint watermelon can you throw it and get me a new hint watermelon to my desk
I am done drinking horchata can you throw it in trash can and when you come back can you bring me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
I am done drinking redbull can you throw it and get me a dried mango in a cup
I am done drinking redbull can you throw it and when you come back can you get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
I am done drinking the coffee can you throw it in a trash can and get me some laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk.
I am done eating my breakfast can you throw it away and while coming back get me a hand sanitizer from printer room to my desk
I am done eating my cereal. Can you throw it away and clean up the table?
I am done eating my food can you throw away the food container and while coming back can you bring me sanitizer from printer room
I am done for the day can you clean my desk and throw all the trash from my desk
I am done for the day can you clean my desk and throw all the trash from my desk and put scissor back to printer room
I am done for the day can you clean my desk using sanitizer
I am done for the day can you clean the table and throw all the trash from my desk
i am done for the day can you throw away trash from my desk 
i am done for the day can you throw trash from my desk
I am done for the day can you throw trash from my desk.
I am done playing the game can you put the game back to the game table and also pull one chair.
i am done using hand sanitizer can you put it back to printer room and while coming back grab me a scissor and bring to my desk
I am done using my desk can you clean it up and throw the tissue in the trash can and put back the sanitizer in the printer room
I am done using my headphones can you put it back in my desk and while coming back grab me a sea salt popcorn from MK kitchen and bring it to me at Mk table.
I am done using pen and notepad can you put it back and while coming back grab me a stapler from printer room and bring it to my desk
I am done using pen can you put it back and get me a stapler from printer room to my desk
I am done using pen can you put it back and while coming back get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen 
I am done using pen can you put it back and while coming can you grab me a popcorn chips from MK kitchen to my desk
I am done using pen can you put it back and while coming can you grab me a popcorn chips from MK kitchen to my table
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back and get me a pen and notepad from printer room to my desk
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back and when coming back get me a notepad and a pen
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back and while coming back can you bring me a jalapeno chips from Mk Kitchen to my desk
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back and while coming back can you get me a pen and notepad from printer room
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back and while you come back get me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
i am done using sanitizer can you put it back to printer room and bring me a pen to my desk
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back while coming back bring me a pen and notepad from printer room to my desk
I am done using sanitizer can you put it back while coming back get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
i am done using scissor and you put it back and while coming back get me a pen and bring it to my desk
I am done using scissor can you put it back and get me a stapler from printer room to my desk
I am done using stapler can you put it back and while coming back get me a popcorn snacks from Mk kitchen to my desk
I am done using stapler can you put it back and while coming back get me scissor from printer room my desk
I am done using stapler can you put it back while coming back can you bring me a pen from printer room to my desk
I am done using the library can you organize my chair back ,also put the sanitizer back and put the water bottle near the lamp table from the game table
I am done using the note pad and a pen can you put it back and while coming can you bring me some sanitizer to my desk from the printer room
I am done using the notepad and pen can you put it back and while coming back can you grab me a popcorn chips from MK Kitchen to my desk.
i am done using the notepad and the pen can you put it back and while coming can you bring me water from Mk fridge to my desk
I am done using the pen can you put it back and while coming back can you bring me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
I am done using the pen can you put it back while coming back and you get me some medicine from first aid box and bring it to me in my desk
I am done using the post it notes and a pen can you put it back 
I am done using the room can you turn off all the lamps.
I am done using the scissors can you put it back and can you bring me a pen from printer room
I am done using the stapler can you put it back and while coming can you get me a pen
I am done using the stapler, please take back to the supply cabinet
I am done using the table can you clean it up with the wipes and throw the wipes in a trash can
I am done with my cereal. Can you throw away the trash and bring me a coffee?
I am done with my coffee from this morning, please dump it out in the sink and dispose of the cup in the compost bin
I am done with my iced tea, please recycle the empty bottle on my desk and bring me a new can please
I am done with my snack. Please throw away the trash.
I am done with my stadia controller, please go put it back in the cubed shelf next to the office supply cabinet
I am done with the coconut water. Can you recycle the can and bring me another one?
I am done with the pineapple snacks. Please compost the leftovers.
I am feeling a little sick, can you please get me a covid test in the cabinet at the end of the building, as well as return it back onto my desk.
I am feeling thirsty can you bring me watermelon hint water and put it in my table and also grab me a strawberry laffy taffy and bring it to my desk
I am feeling tired can you grab me a redbull from Mk fridge and bring it to my desk
I am getting thirsty, can you bring me my reusable water bottle on my desk, but before that can you return the used gopro battery to RC5 in the red bowl.
i am going to library can you clean the desk with lysol and pull out a chair
I am going to library can you clean the desk with the wipe and pull out a chair
I am going to library in 10 minutes can you clean the table and pull out a chair and throw the wipes in a trash can
I am hungry can you get me a chips from mk kitchen and put it on my desk
I am hungry can you get me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
I am hungry can you get me a popcorn chips from MK kitchen to my desk
i am hungry can you get me a popcorn chips from Mk kitchen to my desk
I am hungry can you get me a snack from Mk kitchen and bring it to my desk
i am hungry, please go get me some dried pineapple 
I am not hungry anymore can you take the popcorn chips back to the MK kitchen and while coming back bring me some hint watermelon from fridge to my desk 
I am packing up for the day, can you take my laptop back to my desk in the room accross from the supply cabinet
I am thirsty can you bring me a mango sparkling drink from MK kitchen and also a spicy popcorn from MK kitchen.
I am thirsty can you bring me some hint watermelon from MK kitchen to my desk
I am thirsty can you get a hint watermelon from MK Kitchen and bring it to my desk
i am thirsty can you get a hint watermelon from mk kitchen and bring it to my desk
I am thirsty can you get me a hint mango from mk fridge and bring it to my desk
I am thirsty can you get me a hint water from Mk fridge to mk desk
I am thirsty can you get me a hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
I am thirsty can you get me a redbull from Mk fridge to my desk
I am thirsty, can you throw away my trash in the compost and bring back a water bottle for me please
I am thirsty, please take my empty cup and refill it with orange juice, then bring it back to me to drink
I am very hungry, can you make me a bowl lucky charms please
I can't find my phone can you go look in each of the meeting rooms I've been to this morning and look for it
I change my mind, can you take the pepsi can back to the fridge please
I changed my mind, please put this jasmine green tea back in the refrigerator and bring me a sugar-free redbull instead
i did not eat my apple, please take it back to its bowl in the mk and bring me a banana instead
I didn't eat breakfast this morning, can you make me a coffee as well as bring my a banana to my table in the corner of the MK. 
I do not need my sugar packets and candies, can you please take them back to where they belong. Then fill my paper bowl with Pipcorn and bring it back to me
i do not want the pistachios anymore. can you put them back in the jar?
i don't have a chair, please grab my neighbor's chair and place it in front of my desk
I don't need the popcorn chips can you put it back to Mk kitchen and bring me a laffty taffy from the MK kitchen to my desk
I don't want the pipcorn anymore. Can you throw the popcorn away and put some almonds in there instead?
i don't want the pistachios anymore. can you put the pistachios in the cup back into the jar?
i don't want the pistachios anymore. can you put them back in the container?
I don't want the water anymore. Can you pour the water into the sink and then throw the cup away
i don't want the water anymore. can you pour the water into the sink and then throw the cup away
I don't want to drink the water anymore. Pour out the water and throw the cup away. 
I dropped a bunch of envelopes on the ground. Can you please put it back in place?
i dropped my orange peels and banana peel, can you put them in the paper bowl and toss them in the compostables bin by the door
I dropped my pen holder on the ground. Can you please clean up?
i dropped my utensils on the ground plesae pick them up and sort them in each cup
I dropped the fruit bowl. Could you please pick it up?
I dropped the pen container in the supply closet. Can you put the pens back in the container?
I dropped the pen container in the supply room. Can you clean it up?
i dropped the pistachios! can you put them back in the cup?
i dropped the spoons. can you put them back in the cup?
I dropped the tray! Lets put these bags of pretzles and popcorn back in the tray.
I dropped the wipe! Can you pick it up and throw it away?
i finished my cereal and coffee, please compost the bowl, cup, spoon and napkin for me in the hallway bin
i finished my snacks but forgot to clean up, can you throw way my trash in the recycle bin and compostables bin
i finished using my hand sanitizer and stapler, please put them back in my file cabinet for me
I forgot my car keys in RC5. Please bring them to the library.
i forgot my grey baseball cap in the meeting room please bring it to the table. aslo my friend and i forgot to push in our chairs please push them in for us.
i forgot my hat in the meeting room please bring it back to me
i forgot my hat on the rack please bring it back to my desk and push two chairs into the table.
i forgot my helmet on the couch again. can you get it and put it away in the cubby
I forgot my mouse pad, please go into the room across from the office supply cabinet and find one and bring it back to me
I forgot to erase my important notes from the whiteboard, please erase it for me by sliding the whiteboard on top of it to the side
I got a wrong item can you put it back and get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
I grabbed wrong popcorn chips can you put it back and while coming back can you get me a laffy taffy from Mk kitchen to my desk
I have a headache can you go to the medicine cabinet and bring me ibuprofen please.
I have a meeting with five other team members. Please set a book for each person in the conference room.
I have a meeting with five other team members. Please set a pen along with the books for each person in the conference room.
I have a trash on my desk can you throw it away and while coming back get me a banana from my mk kitchen to my desk
I knocked over the supplies on my desk, can you please reorganize it for me?
I left my car keys in the dining nook. Can you bring it to me?
i left my earphone case in wavelength 1a6 can you please bring it to table in mk.
I left my hat on the couches, please get it and bring it back to my desk
i left my hint water bottle in the mount rainier conference room, please go get it and bring it back here
i left my keys on my desk in room 2e0, can you grab them and put them away in the filing cabinet.
I left my notebook, highlighter and pen in the MK, please go get them and put them into locker number 5
I left my take home food from lunch on my desk, I am in a meeting, can you please put them in the fridge for me
i left my white usb cable on the desk inside the phone room next door, please go get it and bring it back to me
i made a mistake and grabbed a blue pen, but i actually need a black one. please return this pen to the pen holder and bring me back a black one.
I miss my friend Jaspiar in RC5, please take him a banana Laffy Taffy to show him im thinking of him. Throw away my trash into the compost bin on the way to getting the candy
i need 4 plastic mugs, please pull them out of the top drawer and place them on the counter for me, please
I need a charged AA battery from the shelf next to the supply cabinet, please bring a battery from the charged pile 
i need a mouse pad, please bring me one from the bookshelf
I need a new AA battery for my mouse, as well as a new battery for my gopro, please go to the battery shelf and bring the batteries back to me
I need a post it note and a pencil, please go open the cabinet in the supply room and bring them back to me at my table in the MK
i need a stapler for these files, can you bring me the blue stapler from the filing cabinet and take it to meeting room denali
i need a tissue, please go to the supply cabinet and bring me a box of tissues, then go back and close the cabinet
i need a tissue. there is a box of tissues on the other side of this conference table, please bring the box over here and pull out one tissue for me
I need an alcohol wipe to clean my laptop screen, please find one in a phone room and bring back to me 
I need cups, please get me the six colored cups from the top right drawer
i need some help opening the elevator door, please go press the elevator button
i need somehting to write with, please go to the supply cabinet and bring me back a pencil
I need to prep this room for a meetingwith five attendees, please give each seat one red and one black pen, and please borrow a chair from the neighboring room for the end of the table
I ordered a wrong cookies can you put it back and grab me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
I ordered a wrong hint water can you put it back the hint water in MK and also laffy taffy.
I ordered a wrong popcorn chips can you take it back and bring me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
I remember my keys and my phone were left in one or some of the middle row of lockers, please take this cart and go find them for me
I see a mess in the gaming table can you organize it
i spilled my cup of pistachios. can you please pick them up and put them in the cup for me?
i spilled my pistachios! can you put them back in the cup please?
i spilled my popcorn! can you clean up the mess please?
I spilled my water in the MK. Can you clean it up with napkins?
i spilled my water in the mk. can you clean it up with napkins?
i spilled some pistachios, please turn the cup upright and fill it with the spilled pistachios
I spilled the coffee beans on my desk, can you please clean up mess on my desk?
i spilled the pistachio but i don't want them anymore. can you put the pistachios back in the jar?
I spilled water on my desk can you bring some napkins from MK kitchen and clean the table.
i think there is yellow tape on the bookshelf. can you pleaso go and get it and bring it back to me?
i wanna play some pool. can you put the balls in the rack
I want to take some notes can you get me a post it note and a pen and bring it to me in game table
I will need to use a stadia controller soon, please get one from the cube shelf next to the office supply cabinet and bring it back to me please. Close the door behind you
i would like a bag of spicy tortilla chips from the mk
I would like a bowl of pistachios during my meeting. Would you please make me one and leave it in the conference room for me?
I would like a drink and a snack, can you bring me some Pipcorn and any flavor hint water to my table in the corner of the MK.
i would like a snack, please go the the mk counter and bring me back some pistachios
I would like to listen to this TED talk, please grab my headphones from my desk and give this candy to Diego on the way to my desk, and bring back my headphones
I would like to print something, can you please wake up the printer by pushing the sleep button
i would like to take some notes, please open up my green notebook and grab me a black pen from my pen holder
I would like to work from my desk, please take my phone to my desk and pull my desk chair out for me please
i'd like some cold water, can you please get me water from the water dispenser to the right?
i'd like some extra pillows, please find me two small pillows for my seat
i'd like to have a piece of gum. i think there is a pack of gum inside the top drawer of my file cabinet, can you please find it and place it on the table for me?
i'm a very messy person and can't pick up after myself, can you please throw away the items on the table into the correct bins?
i'm at the dining nook, please put the straw in the coke can, then bring me my coffee and coke.
i'm cold, can you get me my sweatshirt from my desk?
I'm done using the colored cups, please put them away into the top right drawer and group them by color
I'm done with my coffee. Can you please recycle the can?
I'm done with my coffee. Please recycle the can and bring me a cocunut water.
I'm done with my meeting. Clean up the phone room.
I'm done with my snacks. Please throw away the trash in the right bins.
i'm done with my snacks. throw away the trash please.
i'm done writing in my notebook, please close it up and return the pen to the pen holder
i'm done writing in my notepad, please close it up and return the pen to the pen holder
i'm finished with this hint water, please go recycle it in the micro kitchen for me and then bring me back a bag of lesser evil popcorn, cheese flavor
i'm getting ready to leave, please grab my coat from the coat rack
i'm going to move to the dining nook, please place my hint water on the portable desk right outside this room, then move the portable desk over to the dining nook
i'm heading back out to the dining nook, please bring my coke and my coffee out to that table for me
i'm hungry, can you still get me those lentil chips from the micro kitchen?
i'm late for a meeting, please put all my pens away in my file cabinet
Id like a snack, can I have a bag of popcorn and a green tea? please take it to my desk
Im done eating my food and drinking my Dr Pepper, please dispose of them properly
Im done playing chess, please put all the pieces back into the drawer and turn off the lights
im done with my cereal, can you toss it out for me
im done with my meeting in the phone room, can you tidy it up, turn off lights, and close the door for me please
im done with the phone room, can you please organize it for me
Im done with the toys, can you clean up the toys and place them back into the basket
im done with the water, can you please throw it away for me
im done with the wipes now, can you please put them away in the filing cabinet
Im going to use phone office for my meeting, so can you make a bowl of pistachos and place it on the table for me please
im ready to head out to lunch, can you call the elevator for me
In the supply cabinet, empty the taller mesh container into the shorter mesh container, then fill the larger mesh container with six yellow highlighters and six pink highlighters. Deliver those items to Steve Vega 
invert the diagonal line and put the green cup at the south west end of the line.
it's getting dark can you turn on all the lamps.
Its the end of the day, can you please close all the door to the phone offices. 
Jornell needs a sticky note and something to write with, go to the supply cabinet and take sticky notes and a pencil to his desk
knock coconut water down
Lets play a game, can you make a word out of these tiles for me?
Lets prep the stationary tray by filling it with blue pens, black pens, mechanical pencils and note pads.
lets refill the tray of chips and popcorn.
lets tidy up the desk for the meeting.take the coffee cup to the compostables bin and the cup and bottle to the recycling bin
load items from the box into the cart
Look for dry erase marker from one of the meeting room and hand it to me
make a cup of coffee
make a diagonal line with the plants.
make a diamond of the cups and place the green cup on top of the diamond
make a diamond with the cups and place the green cup in the middle of the diamond
make a diamond with the plants
make a fruit pyramid
make a horizontal line of cuos
make a horizontal line of the cups and put the green cup at the most northwest spot of the line
make a horizontal line of the plants
make a horizontal line of the plants.
make a horizontal line with the cups and put the green cup second for the left end
make a horizontal line with the plants
make a horizontal line with the plants and sort them by hight
make a horizontal line with the plants.
make a pyramid with the small cups
make a square of the cups and put the green cup on the right side of the square
make a square of the plants
make a square out of the plants that are currently in a diagonal shape
make a square with the plants
make a vertical line of tmake a vertical line of the plants
make a vertical line with the plants
make a vertical lines with the plants.
make a virtal line of the plants and sort them by hight
make an x with the cups and put the green cup in the middle of the x
Make hot chocolate in the MK
make me a coffee
make me a fruit cup
make me a latte please
Meeting is over, can you collect the pens from each chair
Meeting is ovre, can you pick up the pens and note pads from the table
Move all of the writing instruments from the round mesh container to the top drawer of the file cabinet and return the mesh container to the table
move all the items from the box to the desk.
move all the red pens from my file cabinet to the right side of the pen holder on the table
move all the snacks from the top of the file cabinet to the desk.
Move blue, black and red pens from the plastic tray into the ceramic container and the mesh cup
move chairs around
move items from table to cart
move items from the cart to the table
move items from the desk tray to the desk organizer.
move plants and make a vertical line
move snacks from box unto table.
move te fruit from the cart to the table.
move the candies into the white tray, then put the spilled pistachios into the paper cup.
Move the charged battery bowl to an open cubby, place the uncharged gopro batteries in the uncharged battery bowl into the battery chargers, then move the charged battery bowl back into place
move the chips from the basket into the drawer.
move the chips from the basket to the drawer
move the chips from the counter to the drawer
move the chips from the drawer to the counter
move the chips from the drawer to the counter.
move the chips from the top drawer to the counter
move the chips from the tray to the middle drawer.
move the covid tests from the desk to the rolling cart
move the covid tests from the rolling cart to the desk.
move the fruit from the cart to the bowl.
move the items from on top of the file cabinet to the desk
move the items from the table into the bin
move the items from the tray to the cart.
move the mouse box from dining booth to the Whitney conference room table
move the mouse box from the Whitney conference room to the dining booth
move the pens and pen holder from the desk to the rolling desk.
move the pens from the drawer to the pen holder
move the pens, highlighters, and pencils from the desk organizer to the pencil holder.
Move the snacks from the food compartment to the row below
move the snacks from the small table to the bigger table.
move the supplies from the pencil tin into the desk organizer.
Move the water from the plastic water cup to the coffee cup
moved fruits into bowl and put fish in plate
my buddy elio at desk 2p2a needs an hdmi cable, please deliver the hdmi cable on the table to his desk
My desk is a mess can you clean it up throw all the dirty things in trash and while coming back can you get me a sanitizer from printer room
my desk is a mess, please recycle the cup, the napkin and the candy wrapper into the compost bin in the micro kitchen
my desk is dirty can you clean up the toy and put it in the basket
My desk is dirty, can you grab a cloth from the top drawer and wipe it down for me? When you are done please place the dirty cloth in the bin on the floor
my drink is no longer hot, please place it into the microwave for me
My friend Justice is feeling sick can you grab a covid test from quiet room and bring it to him in MK kitchen table.
My gopro battery is dying, please go over to RC5 and bring me a new battery in the green bowl. On the way please throw away my trash in the composte bin in front of RC5
My hand is bleeding can you get me a band aid from the first aid box and bring it to MK Kitchen
my hat is on the table, please hang it on the coat rack
my head hurts, can you bring me the medicine from the table by the couch and bring it to me in room 2a2
my locker has a bottle of hand sanitizer in it, please take that out and place it on the cart, then close the locker
my meeting is done, please help me tidy the meeting room by ereasing the white board and tucking in the chairs
My meeting starts soon, please bring me a notebook and a pencil to take notes
My neighbor behind me doesn't like pistachios, please retrieve the bowl and pour the pistachios back into the jar
my neighbor is returning to their desk, please bring this chair back to their desk
My shift is almost done can you grab me my bag from my desk and also put the headphones back to the bag and bring it to me at Mk kitchen table.
My team meeting is about to start. Can you place a sticky notepad and a pen for each person?
Omar is hungry, take him the banana and find a drink for him as well and place it on his desk
Omar loves string cheese, please get one from the fridge and take it too him, if you can't find him give it to anyone
Omar would like something sweet instead of his banana, please take it back to the MK and bring him a candy instead
on the desk to your right, there is a mouse box, a tangerine, and a laptop case, please bring those items to this desk
ooh, i'm hungry and would like a snack, please bring me a bag of pipcorn cheese balls to the denali conference room
open drawer, take out snacks, place on table, close drawer
open drawers, pick up snacks, place snacks inside drawer, close drawer
open locker 14 then bring my notebook at 2p2a to locker 14.
open locker 15. bring hint bottle inside locker 15 to desk 2p2b. close locker 15
open locker 17. then bring bag of chips from desk 2p2a to locker. close locker 17.
Open my file cabinet using the key on the desk, get the notebook and put it on the desk, then lock the file cabinet
open table top bin's lid and take out fish and place on counter
open the cabinate and put the the knives in the container
open the cabinate and put the utensils in the container
open the cabinate and then take out the mesh containers. set them on the table, then out the utensils that are in the cabinate and sort them in each container.
open the cardboard box on the desk, then place items from the desk into the box.
open the cardboard box on the desk, then place items from the floor into the box.
open the cardboard box on the floor, then place items from the desk into the box.
open the cardboard box on the floor, then place items from the floor into the box.
open the clear plastic container and place the hint water bottle from the desk inside it.
Open the conference room, turn on the light, rearrange the pillow, organize the whiteboard markers, then use the hanging towel to erase the whiteboard
open the dawer and divide the chips into the bowls
open the dawer and place the chips into the bowls
Open the door and turn on the light in the Denali conference room, then put down a notebook and a black and red pen at each of the five seats
open the door to the phone room and enter the room
open the door to the phone room and turn on the light
Open the drawer amd take the 4 plastic mugs out 
open the drawer and fill it with seaweed snacks and pita chips
open the drawer and place the mugs back inside.
open the drawer and put all the writing instruments on the desk.
open the drawer and put the mugs away
open the drawer and put the plastic mugs away
open the drawer and put the red screw drivers away in the toolbox
open the drawer and put the tools away in the toolbox
open the drawer and refill the chip tray
open the drawer and refill the tray of chips and candy
open the drawer and refill the tray of chips and popcorn
open the drawer and take out the boxes of tea, then place them in the display rack
open the drawer and take out the green and blue mugs
open the drawer and take out the plastic mugs
open the drawer and take out three bags of popcorn and a chocolate snack bar
open the drawer and take two bags of chips and put it on the counter. Put the candy bar back and close the drawer.
open the drawer, get a whiteboard marker, and draw on the board.
open the drawer, refill the tray of chips and popcorn, the get me one chocolate cookie from the tray
open the file cabinet drawer. then find the eraser, charger, and empty box and place those items on the desk.
Open the first aid box and grab two ice packs and a bandage roll and take them to Erics desk
Open the first aid box, grab a bottle of eye wash and a box of eye dresing and take it to Steves desk
Open the first aid box, grab a pack of burn gel and burn dressing and take them to the MK
Open the first aid box, grab a roll of gauze and a pair of scissors and take them to the office suppies desk
Open the first aid box, grab an ice pack and bandage roll and take them to Steves desk
Open the first drawer and grab me a binder
Open the first drawer, remove the shapes, close the drawer, and than put the shapes back into it by using hte slots on top
open the fridge and get me a 7-up zero sugar
open the left side fridge door, bring a tea to the cart, then close the door
open the left side of the refrigerator and grab a sugar free red bull
Open the notebook
open the plastic bag and put the forks into the container
Open the supply cabinet and place the following items into the mesh container: one green highlighter, one black expo marker, one red pen, two blue pens, one yellow highlighter, and one post-it note pad. Then grab one small black and white notebook. Deliver them to Steve Vega's desk
Open the supply cabinet and place the following items into the mesh container: two yellow highlighters, two pink highlighters, two blue expo markers, and two red expo markers, then deliver them to Steve's desk.
Open the supply cabinet and the put one yellow highlighter, one pink highlighter, one blue expo marker, one blue pen, one pencil, and one tape refill into the mesh container and deliver to steve vega's desk.
Open the top drawer and get the paper liner for the fruit bowl, stock the apples into the bowl, then stock the three Numi tea boxes into the tea display
open the top drawer pick chips from top drawer and put it in wired basket and close the top drawer.
open the top drawer put all the fruits in the bowl and close the top drawer.
open the top drawer put the chips in the top drawer and close the top drawer.
open the top drawer, take out the chips, and put them the on the countertop
open top drawer put all the fruits from the bowl and close the top drawer.
organize all the bbq chips in the drawer
organize all the popcorn snacks in the drawer
organize and fix the pillows in the mk
Organize and place the sauces, honey, salt & pepper and stirrers on the black mat
Organize and put away the loose items in the supply cabinet
organize drinks to their type
Organize supplies into the caddy
Organize the binder clips back into their respective places in the organizer tray
Organize the candy into the bowl and the chips into the basket
Organize the chips by flavor in the basket
Organize the chips into the tray
organize the chips into the wire basket and the candies into the bowl
organize the chips into the wired basket
Organize the chocolates into the white tray please
organize the cushions on the sofa to prepare for someone to sit on it
organize the highlighters and pens into their own containers
Organize the Kettle chips and Stacy's Pita chips in the basket
Organize the markers, scissors, and lead into the supply cabinet
Organize the popcorn chips into the drawer.
Organize the snack jar and utensils in the MK
origniaze the pens into the mesh containers.
Pass out cups to each seat from the stack of cups
Pass out notebooks on each seat in the meeting room
pick all the chips from the box
pick all the fruits from the bowl
pick all the pen from the penholder
pick all the pens from penholder
pick all the pens out of the penholder
pick candies from bowl and place in top drawer
pick candies from top drawer and place in bowl
pick cap from stand and put it on table. then push the chairs in.
pick items from table and move to bin
pick pick up styrofoam and place them on the table
pick the apple out of the jar and take it to phone room 2a3
pick the chips out of the basket and place on counter
pick up all the black pens and place them in the pen holder with the other black pens
pick up all the chips from the box
Pick up all the highlighters on Jornell's desk, place them into the mesh container and then return them to their designated places inside the supply cabinet
Pick up all the snacks and tongs from the floor. Place the chips in the basket. Place the lafffytaffy in the bowls. Place the tongs in the meash containers.
pick up and recycle paper off the floor
pick up beef stick from cup and place into snack box
pick up can and drop it in the recycle bin
pick up fruits and organize them into separate bowls
pick up fruits and place them into bowl in an organized manner
pick up highlighters from floor and place in box
pick up items from box and organize them on the table by putting the snacks in the jar and the wipes and pencil cup organizer on the table
pick up items from box and place them on table organized
pick up items from floor and place in green bin.
pick up items from floor and place into bin
pick up items from floor and place on table
pick up items from floor andn place into bin.
pick up items from the floor and place in bin
pick up items from the floor and place into bin.
pick up items off floor and place into bin.
pick up snacks from table and place into the gift box
pick up some cups and put them on the tea table
pick up styrofoam from the desk and place them on the floor
pick up the apples on the floor, and place them in the cup
pick up the blue marker on the table and go draw a rectangle on the whiteboard
pick up the box and bring it outside
pick up the box lid from the floor and place it on the box on the table.
pick up the candies and put them into cup by its flavor
pick up the cup of spilled pens and put all the pens back in the cup
pick up the cups from the top of the file cabinet and place it on the desk.
pick up the eraser on the ground and place it on the marker tray in phone room 2a3
pick up the espresso beans and put them into the small cup on the table
pick up the marker and draw a picture.
Pick up the markers and highlighters and place them into the mesh cylinder, then bring them back to the supply cabinet and return the items to their designated trays
pick up the mouse box from the floor and return it to the bookshelf
pick up the notebook, empty box, charger, and eraser from the floor and place it on the desk.
pick up the pack of wipes and place them in the supplies cart
pick up the pen and wipes from the desk and bring put it into the filing cabinet.
pick up the plastic bag in front of you, and bring it to me
pick up the red eraser on the table, then clean up the whiteboard with it
pick up the snacks on the floor. flip the bowls and then place the chips in the basket and the laffy taffy in the bowls
pick up the straw from the desk and put it in the recycle bin.
Pick up the trash from the floor and throw it away.
pick up the water bottle from the floor and place it back on the table.
pick up writing utensils and container and organize them
Place 2 bags of barbeque chips on Gavin's table. 
place 3 numi tea boxes from the top drawer into the bottom row trays.
place 4 boxes of numi tea into the bottom slots and one in the middle slot.
place 4 boxes of numi tea into the bottom slots.
place 5 rold gold chip bags into the basket on the right side.
place 5 rold gold chip bags into the right side of the basket.
place a box of numi tea into each empty slot on the bottom row and 2 in the middle row.
place a box of numi tea into each empty slot on the bottom row.
place a few chip bags from the top drawer into the box
Place a few of each colored pen into the pen holder.
place a fork into a bowl and a spoon into a cup.
place a fork into a bowl then bring it to my table
place a marker on the table into a cup that has a matching color marker until there are no markers left on the table.
place a plant by each coner of the post it
place a spoon into a bowl and atleast 1 coffee stirrer into a cup.
Place a string cheese into each cup after unstacking them
place all blue pens into one pen holder.
place all of the markers into the pen holder
place all red pens into one pen holder.
place all the apples in the bowl
Place all the dishwashing accesories into the caddy, then place the forks into the mesh container and the knives into the black melamine container
place all the fruits from the top drawer into the basket
Place all the fruits in the bowl
Place all writing instruments from the mesh container onto Steve's desk and group them by color, then return the mesh container to the supply cabinet
place all writing tools into the basket.
place apples in the bowl
Place atleast 1 stirrer into a cup then bring it to my table.
place black chip bag in the right bowl and place the blue chip on the table from the left bowl
Place blue  pen, black pen and post its into the pen holder
place blue chip bag in left bowl and black and white chip bag in right bowl
place blue chip bag in left bowl and black and white chip bag in the right bowl
place blue chip bag in left bowl and black and white in right bowl
place blue chip bag in left bowl and black nd white chip bag in right bowl
place blue chip bag in left bowl and place black and white chip bag in right bowl
place blue chip in left bowl and place black and white chip bag in right bowl
place blue pens to the right side of the pen holder and black pens to the left side of the holder
place candies in middle bow and white popcorn bag in the right bowl
place candies in middle bowl and white popcorn bag in right bowl
place candies into middle bowl and blue chip bag in left bowl
place candy into cup and chip bags in bowl
place cap on the coat rack
place chips bag in top drawer and candies in white bowl
place drinks in the box
place five blue pens back into the pen holder
place fruit into the bowl
place fruits into plate
place garbage bin upright
place green plate on other side of counter and move the slippers to the bottom right of the counter
place items from bin to table
place items from counter to bin
place items from table to chair
place items from the bin into the trash can
place items on the floor into the box
Place kitchen sink supplies into the sink caddy
place lid to jarr.
place oatmeal packets in the basket.
Place oatmeal packets in the tray.
place oatmeal packets into the basket.
place oranges in green plate and bananas in pink plate
place oranges in the bowl
Place pen holders upright and sort the black and red pens into them
place pens on to the mouse pad and then put into cup
Place pink dark chocolate squares into the tray.
place place the fruits into the jar
place plants in the green bin in a horizontal line.
place plants into the green bin
Place popcorn snack into the black box
Place red noodle back into the box
place snacks in the bowl and the chips in the basket
place sugar packets in the correct sections of the clear plastic tray
Place the AA batteries into the box
Place the apples in the bowl
Place the apples into the bowl, the chocolates into the tray, and arrange the chips into the green bin in two rows.
place the candies in the bowl
place the candies in the bowl and the chocolates in the cup
place the candies in the small bowl and place the black and white chip bag in the right bowl
place the cap on the coat rack.
Place the chip bags back in the basket.
place the chips from the bowl to the dawer and close the dawer
place the chips in teh basket and the other snacks in the bowl
place the chips in the basket and the candies in the bowl
place the chips in the basket and the other snacks in the bowl
place the chips in the basket tray, and then put the candy into the jar
Place the chips in the basket with. Place the laffytaffys in the bowls. Place the tongs in each of the mesh containers.
place the chips into the dawer and close the dawer
Place the chips into the tray
place the cups in a horizontal line with the green cup at the right most spot.
place the cups in the green bin on each of the four corners and then put the green cup in the center of the bin
place the cups in the rack.
Place the dry erase markers back into the meeting room
place the filled tray of chocolate cookies away into the top left drawer
Place the fork in the mesh container and the candies in the bowl.
place the forks in the mesh container and the candies in the bowl
Place the forks in the mesh continer and the candies in the bowl
place the fruits back into the bowl from the plate
place the fruits from the basket into the top drawer
place the fruits from the top drawer into the bowl
place the fruits in the basket
Place the fruits in the bowl
Place the fruits in the bowl.
place the items on the desk into the desk organizer.
place the knives in the container
place the knvies in the bowl
place the notebook, highlighter, and pencil from the desk back into the file cabinet.
Place the notebooks from desk into the supply closet.
Place the oatmeal packets in the tray
Place the oatmeal packets in the tray.
place the oranges in the bowl
Place the oranges in the bowl in a neat manner. 
place the oranges into the bowl
place the oranges onto the counter
place the packets into the box
Place the paper clips and note pads onto the stationary tray
Place the pens back in the pen holder.
place the pens in the pen container
place the pens in the pen holder
place the rainbow cups onto the counter
place the snacks into the bin.
Place the spoons handle-side up into the black spoon container
place the spoons in the container
place the three trays of candy into the top left drawer
Place the writing utensils in the pen holder.
place utensils back into cup
Place utensils into the bowl then throw the bowl into the compost bin.
place writing utensils in container
plaplace place my cap on the coat rack
play
pleae separate the bowls and place a ball into each bowl
Please add oat milk to my coffee, grab a stick to stir it and throw away the stick after
Please add some honey to my drink and bring it back to RC5.
please add some hot water to my tea
please add some milk and a lid to my coffee and bring it to my desk
Please arrange the fruits aesthetically in the fruit bowl.
Please arrange the fruits in the fruit bowl.
Please bring a banana and a napkin to my table in mk.
please bring a banana from the mk to my desk
please bring a banana to my desk
Please bring a coconut water and a straw to Samuel in his office
Please bring a coconut water to my desk.
please bring an apple and a candy to me in the meeting room
Please bring an empty bowl from the MK to the phone room.
please bring bowl of snacks to table in mk.
Please bring emily her airpods and keys.
Please bring emily some water.
Please bring emily water.
Please bring Joel a bowl of pipcorn
Please bring me 2 green tea cans
Please bring me a bag of pipcorn and then a black tea from fridge.
Please bring me a bags of popcorn to the table
Please bring me a banana and a napkin to my table in mk.
please bring me a banana from the micro kitchen
Please bring me a banana from the mk
Please bring me a bowl of 3 small oranges and 1 peach to the table
please bring me a coconut water from the mk
please bring me a cold coconut water from the mk
please bring me a green laffy taffy from the mk to my desk
Please bring me a hint water and napkin
Please bring me a mexican coke from the fridge and then prepare a bowl of ceral and bring it to my table in mk.
please bring me a sandwhich from the fridge in the mk
please bring me some bbq chips from the mk
please bring me some cookies from the mk and place them on my desk
Please bring me some cookies from the mk and put it on my desk
please bring me some fruit to my table
please bring my green shopping bag from the coat rack to the table
please bring my jacket from the room across the supplie cabinet, back to me 
Please bring my redbull from my workstation to the dining nook.
Please bring my redbull from the dining nook to the phone room.
please bring popcorn bag to desk in wavelength 1a4.
Please bring sam a can of green tea to meeting room ultraviolet 1D8.
Please bring sam water.
Please bring some candy from the MK to RC5.
Please bring some gum to my office.
Please bring some napkins to my workstation.
Please bring some pineapple snacks from the MK to my office.
please bring some spicy popcorn and buffalo ranch chips to my deksk
please bring the apple, banana and orange to different tables in mk.
please bring the cup of pens into the conference room
Please bring the savory snacks from the MK to my desk.
please bring the supplies and alcohol wipes to the phone room. Please close the doors on your way out
Please bring the sweet treats from the MK to my desk.
please bring this container of plastic utentils to the micro kitchen and place it next to the other utensils on the counter
please bring tissues from my desk to phone room 2a3
please carefully place the bananas into the fruit bow neatly
please clean my monitor with the alcohol wipe on my desk
Please clean my oculus using the disinfectant wipes.
please clean off the table and throw away my thrash
please clean the desk by sweeping everything to the floor.
Please clean the library area, turn off the desk lamp and close the window blinds.
Please clean the table with a wipe and throw the wipe in a trash can and also put the hand sanitizer in the table
Please clean up after the meeting by putting all the notepads and pens back into the cart. Tuck any loose charging cables into the table and push in all the chairs
please clean up all the spilled snack on my table and place them into the bucket
please clean up the bowl of cereal
please clean up the desk by placing all the utensils back into the cup
Please clean up the desk by throwing away the trash in their respective bins
please clean up the spill and put cup back on mouse pad
please clean up the spilled forks on the table
please clean up the spilled spoons on the table
please clean up the toys and place them into the basket 
please clear all the items from the table
Please clear all the items off my desk.
please clear all the trash at the end of the table
please clear all the trash from the table and throw it away in the large compostable bin outside
Please clear the whiteboards for my meeting.
please close all the doors to the phone rooms 
please close door to all phone room office
please color coordinate ball and highlighter into its own cup
please cup me some pistachios and place them on my desk
Please dispose of my broken laptop charger into the ewaste box and come back and close the door
please dispose of my empty bowl and my empty coke can in the correct bins
Please dispose of my empty Dr. Pepper in the recycling bin in the MK and bring me a new Dr. Pepper
please dispose of my empty hint water in the recycling bin and bring me a new one
please distibute the snacks to table in mk
Please distrbute the drinks to tables in MK and then the fruits as well.
please distribute the chips to tables in mk
Please distribute the chips to tables in mk.
please distribute the chips to tables in mk.
Please distribute the chips to tables in MK. Then flip the cup Please flip the cup and put the utensils in, then put the red pens in bin.
Please distribute the drinks and then the fruits from the bowl.
Please distribute the drinks to table in mk and then the fruits from the bowl.
Please distribute the drinks to tables in mk and then the fruits from the bowl.
Please distribute the fruits to tables in mk.
please distribute the snacks in mk.
Please distribute the snacks to tables and place untensils in the bin.
Please distribute the snacks to tables in MK
please distribute the snacks to tables in mk
Please distribute the snacks to tables in MK and place untensils in the bin.
please distribute the snacks to tables in mk.
please empty contents in covid test kit
please empty covid kits onto the table
Please empty out the contents of the drawer puzzle box, and make sure to put the drawers back.
Please empty the bowl of apples, they are about to go bad.
please empty the bowl of candies on the counter and place them in the draw.
please empty the chips out of the bin
please erase and clear the whiteboard in the coference room
please erase the whiteboard in the Denali conference room
please femovplease remove the snacks from the tray
please fill my jar up with candy 
please fill my water bottle and bring it to my desk
please fill my water bottle and place it back on the counter after
please fill my water bottle for me
please fill my water bottle w water and bring it to my desk
Please fill the bowl with pears.
Please fill the diapenser on the desk with black pens 
Please fill the diapenser on the desk with blue pens 
please fill tray up with truffle balls and than put them into the drawer
please fill up my water bottle and bring it to my desk
please fill up my water bottle and bring it to my desk for me
please fill up the cup with red pens 
please find a nice location to place these robots at
please find and bring me a mouse from the bookshelf
Please flip the bowl, then pick up the candy from the floor and put them in the bowl.
Please flip the bowls and pickup the yellow, pink and green candies from the floor and place them  in bowls. Then pick up the tongs from floor and place in bins.
Please flip the bowls and pickup the yellow, pink and green candies from the floor and place them  in bowls. Then place the tongs into the bins.
please flip the bowls over and place a ball in each bowl
Please flip the bowls then pick up the candies from the floor and seperate the yellow from the pink and green.
Please flip the bowls then pick up the candies from the floor and seperate the yellow from the pink and green. Then place the red and blue chips into the bin.
Please flip the cup and put the utensils in. Then put the red pens in the bin.
Please flips the bowls then seperate the green, yellow and pink candy. Then place the tongs and the forks in the bins.
Please flips the bowls then seperate the green, yellow and pink candy. Then remove the tongs and the forks from bins and place them on table.
please fluff all the throw pillows in the sitting area
please fold the sheet of paper in half and put it in the recycle bin
Please gather all the trash on my desk and put them in the big recycle bin
please gently place all the apples neatly into the bowl
please gently place all the oranges and tangerines neatly as you can into the bowl
Please get a bag of chips from the MK and give it to Cherri.
Please get a coke can from the fridge and set it on Emily's office desk.
please get a cup, add some almond milk, then make me a latte 
Please get a jasmine green tea from the fridge and bring it to me in the Denali conference room
Please get a water bottle and put it on Tomas's desk.
Please get me 2 seaweed, 3 hazelnut butter bomb and 2 blue Unreal coconut bar from the tray
Please get me 4 seaweed, 3 red Unreal butter cup, 2 blue coconut butter cup and 1 caffeinated snack bar from the tray
Please get me 5 coconut bar, 3 mint bomb, 5 hazelnut bomb and 1 seaweed from the tray
Please get me 7 Chocolate covered almonds, 6 hazelnut butter cups, 6 seaweed and 1 blue Unreal coocnut bar from the tray
Please get me 8 seaweed and 5 hazelnut butter cup from the tray
please get me a bowl of cocoa puff
please get me a coconut water from the fridge and bring it to my desk
Please get me a cup of hot chocolate and bring it to my table in mk.
Please get me a cup of water
please get me a cup of water
Please get me a cup of water using the coffee cup.
please get me a cup of white expresso beans only
Please get me a hot chocolate and bring it to my table in mk.
please get me a piece of tape from the dispenser
please get me a tissue and a pen
please get my drink out of the microwave and place it on the table to the right
please get the colored plastic cups from the top drawer and put them on the countertop
please get the cutlery from the desk and place it into the cup.
please get the papers from the printer and put it in the recycle bin.
please go and grab items from cart and place them on table in meeting room denali 2f0
please go around and pick up all the black pens at every seat, place them back into the mesh container on the table, then put the mesh container back on the cart
Please go get a stapler from the supply cabinet and bring back to me 
Please go into the phone room and prepare a post it and pen for me. Can you also turn the lights on?
please go make me a bowl of pistachios 
Please go make me a copy of this paper and bring me back both sheets
please go to my desk and take the chips bag to the garbage can.
Please go to the MK and grab me a yogurt, napkin, and a spoon
please go to the MK and make me a bowl of cereal please 
please go to the MK and make me a cup or water. Bring that cup of water back to my desk
please go to the mk, grab me a coconut water from the fridge and bring it to my desk
please go to the shelf outside of the bathrooms and bring back the hand sanitizer for me to use
Please go to the supply cabinet and get me 2 different colored white board markers and set them on Steve's desk.
please go to the supply cabinets and bring me a blue and a red dry erase marker. place them on my desk
please grab a banana for me from mk and bring it to the desk 
please grab a bottle from the fridge, close the door, than place the water on my desk 
Please grab a bowl and scoop mixed nuts into the bowl
please grab a bowl from the counter and scoop me some cheese balls. Also can you grab me a fork
please grab a bowl from the counter and scoop me some cheese balls. Also can you grab me a spoon
please grab a coconut water from the mk and bring it to my desk
please grab a lysol and wipe down the dust on the big Robot by the blue armchair
please grab a lysol and wipe down the dust on the big Robot thats by the blue armchair
please grab a mug from drawer and wash it in the sink
please grab a small bin from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens on the table in it, then put it back on the supply cart
please grab a tissue box and place it on my desk
please grab all the paper bowls and cups and place them by the sink
Please grab all the pears in the top drawer and put them into the bowl on the table. Close drawer when you are done
please grab an orange and put it in the bowl for me with a knife
please grab and serve chips from bin to tables in mk.
please grab items from table in meeting room denali 2f0 and place them on the cart in the room.
please grab me a bowl of pistachios and bring it to my desk
please grab me a bowl of pistachios from the MK
Please grab me a coconut  water and bring it to my desk
please grab me a cookie sqaure from the mk and bring it to my desk
please grab me a hard boil egg and a fork 
please grab me a spoon, napkin, mug from the drawer, and a tea packet
please grab me all the candy out the drawer and place them on the table
please grab some santi wipes and clean off the table i was working at
please grab the bag of popcorn i left in meeting room denali 2e0 and bring it to desk 2e2a
please grab the bin with blue pens from the cart, place it on the table and put all the blue pens on the table in it
please grab the empty mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, place all the blue pens at every seat back in it, then put it back on the cart with the pens in it
please grab the empty mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, put the blue pens on the table in it, then put it back in the cart with the pens
please grab the eraser and bring it over to Sams office and place it on his desk
please grab the items from cart and place them on table
Please grab the lysol wipe from the floor and throw it in the trash into the mk
Please grab the mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens in it then place it back in the cart
please grab the mesh container from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens in it, then place it back on the cart
please grab the mesh container of black pens, place it on the table, then place a black pen in front of every chair in then Denali conference room
please grab the mesh container of blue pens from the cart, place it on the table, place a blue pen at every seat then put the container back on the cart
please grab the mugs fom the drawer and place a tea pack in each mug
please grab the mugs from the drawer and place a packet of tea in it
please grab the pen holder bin from the cart, place it on the table and put all the black pens in it
please grab the pen holder from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens in it, then place it back on the cart
Please grab the robot clock off the shelf and wipe the dust down with a lysol than put it back on the shelf
please grab the small bin from the cart, place it on the table, put the red pens on the table in it then place it back on the cart
please grab the small bin from the supply rack , place it on the table, then put all the blue pens on the table in it
please insert the 3-hole notebook into the 3-ring binder
Please insert the matching block into the holes on top of the puzzle drawer.
Please line the bags of chips up inside the basket
please make a heart with markers
please make a horizontal line fo the plants that are currently in a square shape
Please make a hot chocolate and bring it to my table in mk.
please make me a bowl od cereal and place in on the table
please make me a bowl of cereal
Please make me a bowl of cereal 
please make me a bowl of cereal and place it on my desk 
Please make me a bowl of cereal with a spoon.
please make me a bowl of cheerios and grab me a spoon
please make me a bowl of pistachios from the MK
Please make me a coffee
please make me a cup of cold water and grab me a napkin 
please make me a fruit bowl with the fruits in the top drawer
please make me an iced coffee with half and half
Please make me three bowl of cereal and put a spoon in each bowl
please make sure all of my seats are pushed in 
please make sure all the chars are pushed in at the table
Please make sure the green whiteboard marker works.
please make two pile of stacked cups on the desk behind you
please microwave my tea for me in the MK
Please move the charged batteries to the charged battery bowl, then place any uncharged batteries into the charger
please move the chips in the crate into the middle drawer.
Please move the wipes from the lab into the Wavelength room.
please open my binder and take out the manila folder
please open my purple notebook
please open the correct color drawer and place the items back in and close it
please open the covers to my binders
please open the drawer and take out all green items and place it on the desk
please open the file cabinet and move all the pens inside to the table
please open the first drawer and grab me all items that are orange
Please open the lysol wipes and wipe the counter table
Please open the lysol wipes and wipe the table
please open the top drawer and place all the chips into the drawer
please open the top drawer and place all the items into the drawer
please open up the bin on the floor and place everyting from the bin onto the table
Please organize all the seaweed snacks
please organize all the supplies on my desk into the caddy and place it up in the corner
please organize the items on the counter into the drawers
please organize the pens and sticky notes into the black mesh desk organizer
Please palce the pipcorn into the drawer
please pick apples from the drawer and place them into the bowl
please pick apples out of the drawer and place them into the bowl and close drawer
please pick out the white expresso beans and place them on Samuels desk
please pick the up supplies and put them into the tray
please pick up all the black pens from the table and place them in the bin
Please pick up all the black pens on the table and place them in the pen holder
please pick up all the black pens on the table and put them back into the pen holder
please pick up all the cups and stack it to the side 
please pick up all the fork on the table and place them back into the cup
please pick up all the forks, place them back into the mesh container and tidy up the area
please pick up all the items from the desk and put it in the bin
please pick up all the pens and markers and place them back into the cup
please pick up all the pens from the table and place them back into the cup
please pick up all the snack and candy on the table and put them back into the cup
please pick up all the spilled spoons and place them back into the cup
please pick up all the trash at the end of the table and throw it into the compost
Please pick up and organize the couch pillows 
Please pick up and place the red and black pens in the bins. Then flip the cup and put all the candy in the cup.
please pick up and place the tong and scoopers into the bin.
please pick up candy and put them in cup by the flavor
please pick up candy and put them into the red bowl
please pick up pens and place them into the cups
please pick up spilled candy and place into the cup
please pick up supplies and put it in the caddy
please pick up supplies and put them in the caddy
please pick up the blocks and place them into the box
please pick up the bowl from the floor,  place it on the table, then put the rest of the items on the floor in the bowl on the table.
Please pick up the chips and place them in the bowl. Then place the pens into the holders.
Please pick up the chips from the floor and place them in bin. Then flip the bowls and place the yellow candy in one and the green and pink in the other.
Please pick up the chips from the floor and place them in bin. Then flip the bowls and place the yellow candy in one and the green and pink in the other. Also place tongs into bin.
Please pick up the chips from the floor and place them in the bowl.
please pick up the cup of utensils and any utensils that fall out place them back in the cup
please pick up the highlighters and place in the bin
please pick up the knives and place them in the container
please pick up the markers and put them in the cup
please pick up the pens and place in pen holder.
please pick up the pens and place them into the caddy
please pick up the red bowl, place it on the table, then pick up all the other items on the floor and place in the red bowl on the table
please pick up the spill supplies and put it back into the cup 
please pick up the supplies and place them into the tray
please pick up the trash on the table and throw it away into the compost
please pick up the utensils and put it in the cup. then throw out the banana peel and napkins.
please pick up the wood tube and connect it to the coat rack.
Please place 2 bananas, 2 oranges and 1 apple onto a plate
Please place 2 oranges and 3 bananas onto a plate
Please place 3 bananas and 3 oranges onto a plate
Please place 3 bananas, 1 apple and 3 oranges onto a plate
please place 3 of each fruit into the tray
Please place 3 oranges, 1 banana and 1 apple onto a plate
Please place 3 red books and 3 blue books on the table
Please place 3 red books on the table 
Please place 4 bananas and 1 apple onto a plate
Please place 4 books on the table
Please place 4 oranges and 3 bananas onto a plate
Please place 6 oranges onto a plate 
Please place a lid on each cup of tea.
Please place a snack along with each cup of tea.
please place all of the highlighters into the pen holder
please place all the bag of chips and popcorn into the first drawer
Please place all the bananas onto a plate
please place all the cans into the top drawer and close it
please place all the cans into the top drawer and then close the drawer
please place all the chips into the top drawer
please place all the chips into the top drawer and close the drawer
please place all the chips on the counter and close the top drawer
please place all the coffee condiments on the table back into the cup.
please place all the cold brew into the tray
please place all the cups from the desk into the recycle bin.
please place all the fruit in the bowl
please place all the items into the top drawer
please place all the itmes into the top drawer
please place all the loose items on the desk into the bin on the floor.
please place all the oranges into the bowl
please place all the snack bags into the first drawer
please place apples in the bowl. then place napkin on counter
please place apples in the bowl. then place napkin on counter.
please place apples into the fruit bowl
please place apples into the jar, then remove them
please place bag and cap on the coat rack
please place both coke cans upright
please place chips into bin
please place cups into holder
please place fruits in bowl. then place napkin on counter.
please place fruits in the bowl.
please place fruits in the bowl. then place napkin on counter.
Please place kitchen supplies into the holder
Please place kitchen supplies into the holders
please place notepads on the tray
Please place office supplies into holder
Please place office supplies into the holder.
please place remove the apples from the jar and place them on elios desk
please place the apples in the bowl. then place napkin on counter
please place the apples in the bowl. then place napkin on counter.
please place the apples in the fruit bowl
please place the apples into the bowl
please place the apples into the fruit bowl
Please place the bananas and oranges into the bowl
Please place the binder into the first drawer and lock it
Please place the black and red pens into the pen holder.
Please place the books back into the shelve
Please place the books into shelve
Please place the candy into the cup.
Please place the cans into the tray
please place the cans upright
please place the chips back into the bin.
please place the chips into bin.
Please place the chips into the basket
Please place the chips into the bin and then place the kitchen supplies back into the holder.
please place the chips into the top drawer
Please place the Chips into the tray
Please place the chips into the tray
please place the coke can upright and place both cans into the top drawer
please place the cold brew into the tray
Please place the cold cups into the tray.
please place the cups into the rack
Please place the drinks back into the bin.
please place the fruit in the bowl and then place napkin on the counter.
please place the fruit on the bowl. the place napkin on the counter.
Please place the fruits in bowl and then wipe the table with a sponge.
please place the fruits in bowl. then place napkin on counter.
Please place the fruits in the bowl then place the kitchen supplies into the holder.
please place the fruits in the bowl.
please place the fruits in the bowl. then place napkin on counter.
please place the fruits in the bowl. then place napkin on the counter.
please place the fruits in the bowl. then place the napkin on the counter.
Please place the fruits into the bowl
please place the fruits into the jar
please place the hand sanitizer back into the supply cart in the conference room
please place the highlighters into the cup by color
please place the knives in the holder
please place the markers in the cup
Please place the oatmeal into the tray
Please place the oatmeal packets into the tray
please place the office supplies in the holder.
please place the office supplies into the bin.
please place the office supplies into the holder.
please place the orange items back into the drawer from where you got them
Please place the oranges and bananas on the table
Please place the peanutbutter and oatmeal bars into the drawer
please place the pears in the bowl
Please place the Peas and strawberries into the bowl
please place the pencils and highlighters into the cup
Please place the pens into the cup by color.
Please place the plates in the basket
Please place the red and blue chips into the bin. Then place the other chips into the bowl.
please place the red bull back into the tray.
please place the scoopers and the tong in the bin, then stack the remaining cups.
please place the scoopers and the tong into the bin, then stack the remaining cups.
please place the scoopers and tong into the bins, then stack the cups.
please place the scoper, tong and the kinves into the bin. then stack the remaining cups
Please place the sets of notepads and pens at different chairs for my team members.
please place the snacks into the tray
please place the sugar packets into the tray
please place the supplies back into the caddy
Please place the toys back into the basket
Please place the toys onto the table
Please place the utensils into the cup
Please place the utensils into the cup.
Please place the utensils onto the table
Please place utensils in bin and then distribute the snacks to tables.
please please bring the bag of popcorn to desk in wavelength 1a4
Please pour and bring me orange juice.
please pour cereal into the bowl and than grab me a spoon and a napkin
Please pour me a bowl of cereal
please pour me a bowl of cereal than grab me a napkin, a spoon, and a banana
please pour me a can of sprite
please pour me some cereal than grab me a spoon, napkin, and banana
please pour me some water and place it on my desk
please pour me some water then bring it to my desk
Please pour out the hint water and recycle the bottle. 
please pour popcorn into the bowl
please pour the cereal into a bowl
please pour the cereal into the bowl than grab a spoon, napkin, and banana
Please pour the chips into the bowl and throw away the bag.
please pour the nuts back into the jar
please pour the nuts into the jar
Please pour the water out of the water bottle and bring it back to RC5.
Please prep for a meeting by pulling all the chairs out and then placing one blue and one black pen at each seating location
Please prepare a bowl of cereal for me and bring into to my table in mk.
please prepare a bowl of pistachios for me
Please prepare a bowl of savory snacks from the MK.
Please prepare a bowl of sweet treats from the MK.
Please prepare a cup of orange jucie for me.
Please prepare a hot chocolate and bring it to my desk.
Please prepare s cup of tea for me and bring it to my table in mk.
please prepare two bowls with an orange in it and place a knife in both bowls
Please provide refreshments to employees 
Please provide snacks to employees 
please push in all the chairs in the coference room
Please push in all the chairs in the conference room.
please push in all the chairs in the denali conference room
Please push in all the chairs in the meeting room and turn off the lights.
Please push in all the chairs in whitney conference room
please push in chairs, turn lights off, and close my office 
please put a blue pen at every seat in Denali conference room
please put a lid on my latte and bring it to my desk please
please put a set of colored highlighers into each cup
please put all balls into container on the floor
Please put all charging cables, loose cables and accessories into the hidden table storage, then push in all the chairs
please put all fruits into the bowl
please put all fruits into the jar
please put all highlighters into the top drawer
please put all office supplies into cup
please put all the black pens in a mesh container then put them on the cart, then repeat for the red pens on the table
please put all the blocks back into the big cube 
please put all the blocks back into the box
please put all the blocks back into the box 
please put all the blocks into the box
please put all the blue pens away back on the cart
please put all the blue pens back in the pen holder
please put all the cups back into the drawer facing down
please put all the dishes into the sink 
please put all the fruit in the bowl
please put all the fruits into the big jar
please put all the fruits into the bowl
please put all the fruits into the jar
please put all the green dishware back into the drawer neatly
please put all the oranges back into the bowl
Please put all the plates back into the top drawer and close it
please put all the red bull back into the tray
please put all the red seaweed snack back into the basket
please put all the spatula back into the bin 
please put all the writing instruments back into the pen holder
please put all the yellow packets of sugar in the tray
please put all white board supplies back on whiteboard in the phone room 
please put and organize all the cinnamon sugar pita chips in the basket 
Please put away my oculus and throw away the used disinfectant wipes.
Please put away the Microkitchen Guidebook back in its proper place. 
Please put away the oculus in the box.
please put away the plastic utensils to their assigned cups, then can you put an orange on top of a napkin and leave it on the counter?
please put away the plastic utensils to their assigned cups, then can you put away the chips on the counter into the green bin?
please put back all the decorations into the basket
please put back the dry erase markers back on the whiteboard tray
please put back the game pieces into the drawer
please put back the oatmeal packets into the bin.
please put back the shapes into the drawers according to its color
please put balls back in and close the lid
please put balls back into jar and close the lid
please put balls into the cups and cups into the tray
please put blocks back into its correct color drawer
please put coffee pods back into box and close lid
please put coffee pods back into the box
please put coffee pods back into the case
please put everything into the caddy
please put fruits in the bowl
please put fruits into its own pile
please put glass into the sink and throw away the napkin
please put highlighters back into cup by color
please put highlighters back into cup by colors
please put markers and pens into holder
please put mugs back into the drawer 
please put notepad onto the tray
please put one coffee pod into each cup
please put pens into the tray and tray back into the drawer
please put pods back into the box
please put recycle bin back into conference room
please put red bulls back into the tray
Please put some Epic gum into a paper snack baggie and deliver it to Sarah
Please put some white cheddar pipcorn from the jar into a small paper snack bag and bring it to the dining nook
please put supplies back into the caddy
please put supplies into the caddy
please put the apples back into the bowl
please put the apples into the bowl
please put the apples into the fruit bowl
please put the balls back into the container and then put the lid on the container
please put the bananas into the bowl
please put the black pens into the holder
please put the blocks into the correct slots
please put the blue pens back into the pen holder with the other blue pens
please put the blue pens into the holder
please put the blue pens on the table in the pen holder
please put the boxes of tea into the display
please put the candies in the tray
please put the candies into the tray
please put the cans into the rack
Please put the chips back into the black bin.
please put the chips into the tray
please put the chocolate candies on the desk back into the cup.
please put the coffee packets into the tray
please put the cold brew back into the tray
please put the cold brews back into the tray
please put the cold brews into the plastic holder
please put the cold brews into the plastic holder.
please put the colorful cups away in the top drawer
please put the empty cup of tea into the compostables garbage bin.
please put the fruit into the bowl
please put the fruits in the big jar
please put the fruits into the bowl
please put the fruits into the jar
Please put the gopro batteries to charge and put back the fruits into the bowls.
please put the hint water, the water bottle and the mesh cup into the box
please put the items from the desk into the bin.
please put the jerky sticks into the tray
please put the loose items from the clear container on my desk please.
please put the markers in the cup
Please put the Numi tea packages in their place using the Microkitchen Guidebook.
please put the oatmeal back into the metal basket, the spoons back into the black cup and the oranges back into the white bowl.
please put the oatmeal back into the metal basket.  also put the spoons back into the black cup and the orages back into the white bowl.
please put the oatmeal back into the metal basket.  also put the spoons back into the black cup and the oranges back into the white bowl.
please put the oatmeal packets back into the the case.
please put the oatmeal packets into the tray
Please put the pens and highlighters back in the pen holder.
please put the pistachio back in the cup
please put the pistachios back in the cup
Please put the plastic cups on the counter into the top drawer.
Please put the playing cards back in the box.
please put the red bull back into the tray
please put the red bulls back into the tray
please put the shapes back into the correct color slots 
please put the shapes into the correct slot
please put the snacks into the drawer
please put the snacks into the tray
please put the supplies back into the caddy
please put the tongs into the jar than take them back out into the cup
please put the writing utensils back in the container
Please put the writing utensils back in the pen container. 
please put the writing utensils in the cup
please put umbrella on the desk
please recycle my banana peel into the compost and trhow away my pb&j wrapper
please recycle my can of coconut water and check the fridge to see if there is anymore
please recycle my cup into the compost
please recycle my cup into the compost bin
please recycle my cup into the compst
please recycle my empty coffee cup in the mk recycle bin
please recycle my empty cup into the compost
please recycle my empty pepsi can in the MK and bring me back an vitamin water please
please recycle my trash into the compost
please recycle my water cup into the compost bin
please recycle the banana peel and coconut water can from the table
please recycle the items on the desk in phone room 2a3
please recycle this empty hint bottle in the micro kitchen, then bring me back a bag of truffle popcorn
please refill my candy jar with real good dark chocolate. 
please refill the bowl of apples and place one on my desk when you are done
please refill the bowl with new apples in the MK
please refill the forks and knives cup in the MK
Please refill the fruit bowls in the MK
Please refill the Hot Cup holder 
please refill the mini cups in the MK
Please refill the napkin holder.
please refill the popcorn tray
please refill the seaweed bin in the MK
Please relace the Tiny twists pretzels in the tray with smart 50 popcorn.
please remove 3 cans of red bull from the tray
please remove 4 red bull cans from the tray
please remove all items out of the sink 
please remove all of the pens from the pen holder and place them onto the table
please remove all the bags from the tray
please remove all the chips from the tray
please remove all the fruits from the bowl
please remove all the highlighters from the pen holder and place them on the table
Please remove all the oatmeal packets from the tray
please remove all the old snack into the basket on the floor 
Please remove all the peanut butter cup from the tray
please remove all the pens from the holder
please remove all the plastic forks from the cup holder
please remove all the red bulls from the tray
please remove all the snacks from the tray
Please remove bbq chips from drawer
Please remove cans from the tray
please remove chips from bowl.
please remove cold brew and replace it with the red bull
Please remove fruits from top draw and place them into the bowl on the table in mk.
Please remove kitchen supplies from holders
please remove oatmeal packets and place them on counter.
Please remove office supplies from the holder
please remove only the pretzel bags from the tray
Please remove tea boxes from rack
please remove the alcohol wipes from the bin
please remove the animals and place them onto the table
please remove the apple from the jar and place it on elio's desk
please remove the apples from the bowl
please remove the apples from the jar
please remove the bags of chips from the top draw and place them in the bowl.
please remove the bags of chips from the top draw and then place them in the bowl.
Please remove the binder clips from the bowl
Please remove the binder clips from the bowl 
please remove the black pens from the holder
please remove the block from the drawer
please remove the blue pens from the holder
please remove the candies from the top draw and place them in the bowl.
please remove the candies from the top drawer and place them in the bowl
please remove the candies from the top drawer and place them in the bowl.
please remove the candies from the top drawer and then place them in the bowl.
please remove the cans from the rack
Please remove the cans from the tray
please remove the cans from the tray
please remove the chip bags from the tray
Please remove the chip from the tray
please remove the chips from bowl.
Please remove the chips from the basket
Please remove the chips from the basket 
please remove the chips from the basket and place it into the top drawer
please remove the chips from the bowl.
Please remove the chips from the tray
please remove the chips from the tray
please remove the coffee packets from the tray
please remove the cold brew from the tray
please remove the cold brew from the trays
please remove the cold brews from the tray
please remove the cups from the rack
please remove the fruit from the bowl
Please remove the fruits from the bowl
please remove the fruits from the bowl
Please remove the fruits from the top draw then place them in the bowl. Then distribute them to tables in mk.
Please remove the fruits from top draw then place them in the bowl.
Please remove the fruits from top draw then place them in the bowl. Then distrbiute them to tables in mk.
Please remove the fruts from the top draw then place them in the bowl. Then distribute them to tables in mk.
please remove the lid and put balls inside than put lid back on
please remove the markers from the supplies organizer
Please remove the mini chocolate bar from the tray
please remove the mini chocolate bar from the tray
please remove the mini chocolate from the tray
Please remove the oatmeal and coffee packets from the tray
Please remove the oatmeal from the tray
Please remove the oatmeal from the tray and place it onto the table
please remove the oatmeal packets and place them on counter.
Please remove the oatmeal packets from the tray
please remove the oatmeal packets from the tray
Please remove the office suppies from the tray
please remove the old chips from the green bin
please remove the old cold brew and replace them with the red bull
please remove the old cold brew from the fridge
please remove the old cold brew from the tray
please remove the old oatmeal packs from the bins 
please remove the old red bull from the tray
please remove the old red can bottles from the tray
Please remove the peanutbutter and oatmeal bars from the drawer
Please remove the Peas and strawberries from the bowl
Please remove the pens from the pen holder
please remove the plastic forks from the holder
Please remove the plates from the basket
please remove the red bull and replace it out with the cold brew
please remove the red bull and replace it with the cold brew
please remove the red bull and replace them with the cold brew
please remove the red bull from the tray
please remove the red bull from the tray.
please remove the red bulls from the tray
please remove the redbull from the tray
please remove the shapes out of the first drawer, close the drawer, and then place the shapes back in by the slots
please remove the shapes out of the second drawer, close the drawer, and then place the shapes back in by the slots
please remove the snacks from the drawer
please remove the snacks from the tray
Please remove the strawberries from the bowl
please remove the tea boxes from the rack
please remove the toys from the basket and place it onto the table
please remove the trash from my table
please remove the utensils from their holders
Please remove the white cheddar rice cakes from the drawer
Please remove the yellow, green and pink candy and place them on table. Then place the tongs and forks into the bins.
please reorganize all the pillows on the couches
please reorganize all the popcorn snacks
Please reorganize the lesser evil popcorn snacks in the mk
Please reorganize the lrice cake and seaweed snacks in the mk
please reorganize the pillows on the couch 
please replace red bull with the cold brew
please replace the cold brew out with the red bull
please replace the cold brew with the red bull
please replace the cold with the red bull
please replace the red bull out with the cold brew
please replace the red bull with the cold brew
please restack the bowls
please restack the coffee cup caps and place them in the cup holder
please restack the coffee cups and place them in the cup holder
please restack the cups
Please restack the cups into the cup holder.
Please restack the cups on the counter and put them back in the cup holder. 
please restack the cups onto the the cup rack
please restack the mini plastic cups 
please restack the paper bowls
please retrieve the snacks from the tables in mk and place them on the counter
Please return all the writing instruments back to their respective locations in the supply cabinet, then return the empty container to Steve's desk.
please return bag of popcorn from desk at wavelength 1a6 to counter in mk.
please return banana from desk at wavelength 1a6 to counter in mk.
please return supply bin back to conference room
Please return the chips to the top draw.
Please return the fruits to the bowl and then the drinks to the counter in mk.
Please return the fruits to the bowl.
please return the hand sanitizer and the pens back to the cart, then move the cart back to the corner of the room
Please return the sanitizer and napkins back to the cart and wipe down the table.
please return the sponge back to the sink.
please return the supply cart back into the conference room, turn off the lights, and shut the door.
please return the tape, the sticky notes, and the eraser to the supply cabinet
Please rinse the bowl of grapes and bring it back to me.
Please sanitize the table in the mk and throw away the wipes after use.
please scoop almonds into bowl.
please scoop some pistachios into the cup for me and grab me a napkin too
Please scoop some wild ginger harvest into a paper baggie and bring it to Alex at the dining nook
please scoop the snack and place into the bowl
please select me a few healthy snacks fromthe drawer
please separate cups and than restack them
please separate the cups and than restack them back up
Please seperate the yellow, green, and pink candy into the bowls. Then remove the tongs and forks from bin.
Please set all the items back on my desk.
please set the counter with tableware for two meals using the supplies in the drawers.
Please set the meeting room with sanitizer and napkins and an alcohol wipe for each person.
Please set up five cups of tea with tea bags.
Please set up five sets of sticky notepads and colored pens for my meeting.
Please set up the chess board for a game.
please set up three plates and serve them each a fruit
please sort candy into its own cup
please sort highlighters into cup by its color
please sort highlighters into cups according to color
please sort pens into the cup by its color
please sort the blue and black pens ino its own cup
please sort the blue and black pens.
please sort the candy into each cup
please sort the different candies into their own cups
Please sort the knives and forks into the different cups.
please sort the markers in each cup
please sort the markers into the cups
Please sort the pens back into the pen cup holder by color.
please sort the plastic forks and knives into separate cup containers.
please stack candy into the white tray
please stack candy into the white tray 
please stack cups on counter.
please stack my notebooks on the desk based on the type of notebook
please stack post it onto the mouse pad
Please stack the cups and then fill up the bowl with fruits.
please stack the cups and then lift it upright
Please stack the cups then flip them and pick up the utensils and place them in the cup.
please stack the cups up and then lift them upright onto the table
please stack the cups upside down
please stack the notebooks all together
please stock caddy for phone room
please stock caddy for phone room 
Please stock the mini chocolate bar tray
Please stock up my cabinet tray with blue highlighter, blue pens,  and other supplies than put it back into the cabinet for me.
Please stock up my cabinet tray with pink and red supplies than put it back into the cabinet for me.
Please stock up my cabinet tray with supplies than put it back into the cabinet for me.
Please take 2 water bottles to my desk.
please take apples out of the drawer and place them into the bowl
please take my bag from the coat rack and place it on the table for me
please take my cup from phoneroom 2a3 and drop it in the recycle bin
please take my keys to my desk in the other room across from the supply cabinet, and put into the file cabinet under my desk
please take out all the cups in the drawer and place it on the table
please take out the items in each drawers 
please take out the items in the first drawer and than place them back in by the slot
please take out the items in the second drawer and than place them back in by the slot
please take out the items in the third drawer and than place them back in by the slot
please take out the pens from the pen holder.
please take out tongs and put them into the cup
please take the cans out of the rack
Please take the container of writing instruments and return them all to their places inside the supply cabinet
please take the fruit out of the bowl
please take the oatmeal packet from the basket and place them into the tray
please take the oatmeal packets out of the holder
please take the oatmeal packets out of the tray
please take the seaweed out of the tray
please take the shapes out the middle drawer, close it, and than put it back in by using the slots
please take two peanut butter cups and place them into the white tray, then take them to the black supplies tray
please thow all the cups in my work area into the compost
please throw away all my trash at the end of the table
please throw away all my trash from the end of the table in the denali confrence room 
please throw away all the trash at the end of the table
please throw away all the trash at the end of the table into the compost
please throw away all the trash at the end of the table into the green compost bin
please throw away all the trash on the end of the confrence table
please throw away all the trash on the end of the table
please throw away empty bottle into the big recycle bin
please throw away my banana peel into the compost bin
Please throw away my cups into the compostables bin.
Please throw away the banana, napkin and cup into the compostables bin.
Please throw away the bowl into the compostables bin then bring me some water to my table in mk.
Please throw away the bowl of cereal into the trash
Please throw away the cup and bowl into the compostables bin.
Please throw away the cups and the bowls into the compostables bin.
please throw away the cups and the paper towels from the table in the denali confrence room into the large compost bin outside in the hallway
Please throw away the trash and refill the water and replace the straw.
please throw away the trash at the end of the table
Please throw away the trash into the compostables bin 
Please throw away the used disinfectant wipe.
please throw away this empty box in the speed pak bin for me
please throw my trash away and bring me a new snack
Please throw out the paper cup into the compostables bin and the tea into the recycling bin.
please throw the green candy wrapper away into the trash over by the elevator
please throw this tissue in the trash can by the door and then go compost the paper bowl into the compost bin outside this room near the elevator
please toss all the drinks into the sink
please toss out my cup of water into recycle bin and return to my desk
please toss out this empty box into the cardboard recycle box
please toss the bag of chips, the paper bowl, the pink bowl, the sponge, the metal cup, the red pepper, and the brush into the bin on the floor
please toss the cardboard piece on the table into one of the speed pack bins
Please toss the cereal into the trash
Please toss the cold cup 
please tuck all the chairs under the desks
Please tuck in the chairs in the library. 
please tuck the blue charging cable back into the table
please turn on the lights and grab all the white chess pieces out of the drawer so we can play a game
please unstack the cups and put a ball in each cup
please unstack the cups and put a coffee pod in each cup
please unstack the cups and than restack them again
please unstack the cups and then sort the candies into their own cups
please unstock oatmeal packets and place them on counter
Please use a lysol to wipe down my desk and than throw it away in the big landfill bin
please use a santizing wipe to wipe down the table and than toss it
please use the brush to sweep everything off the desks.
please use the rag on the table to wipe clean the writing on the whiteboard to your right
please use the rag on the table to wipe the whiteboard clean
Please use the red eraser to erase the drawing on the large whiteboard
please wash this apple for me 
please whipe down my desk in phoneroom 2a3 plplease whipe down my desk in phoneroom 2a3 with a wet wipe
Please wipe down Matt's desk with a Lysol wipe. 
Please wipe down my desk with disinfectant wipes.
Please wipe down the counter with all the writing utensils on it.
Please wipe down the table in the library.
please wipe the stain off of the counter in the mk
please wipe up any excess water and throw the paper towel into the compost
please write hello on the whiteboard, then erase it 
please write on the whiteboard and then erase it
Pleased place the candy into the cup.
pleaseplace the scoopers and the tong on the counter.
pleaseplease take the sticky notes from the desk and stick it to the wall.
Pleasse remove the chips from the top draw and place them in the bin that is on the table.
plese stack all the paper bowls together and then place them onto the small table by the door
pour coffee into a mug from cup
pour me a cup of water and bring it to my desk
pour me a cup of water and bring it to my table
pour me a cup of water, bring it to my desk, then clean up the area
pour pistachios in the cup back into the jar of pistachios
pour some expresseo chocolates into a cup for me please
pour the candy from one cup to another
pour the cereal and then milk into the bowl
pour the cheese balls into the bowl and throw the bag away.
pour the cup of candy into the other cup
pour the oatmeal into the bowl, toss the packet in the trash can, and put a spoon in the bowl
pour the pistachios from the pink and green mugs into the paper cup
pour the popcorn into the bowl
pour the water into the flower pot
Prep the conference room for a meeting by putting six blue pens out, borrowing two additional chairs from the neighboring room, then push in all the chairs
Prep this meeting room with five black notebooks and a blue pen for each spot
Prep this room for a meeting by giving each of the five spots a black and white notebook and a blue pen from the cart
prepare a cup of coffee in the espresso machine.
prepare a cup of coffee with the espresso machine.
prepare a lunch meal and put food into lunch box
prepare a table for one person
prepare the desk by getting a notebook, highlighter, and pencil.
Prepare the meeting room by pushing in the chairs and putting away anything that is unnecessary.
Prepare the meeting room by pushing in the chairs and tucking the wires into the chair
Prepare the phone room for my meeting.
Prepare the Ultraviolet meeting room by tucking in all the chairs
pull the tray of chocolate truffles from the drawer, stock the chocolate truffles, then return the tray to the drawer
push chairs into table
Push in all the chairs at the table.
push in all the chairs in denali confrence room
Push in all the chairs in the conference room.
push in all the chairs in the Denali conference room
push in all the chairs on the table
push in all the seats at the table
push the chairs into the table
push toys from counter into the box on the floor
push two chairs into office
Put a empty coke can on RC5 storage and bring me popcorn chips from the storage in my desk
Put a yellow highlighter, pink highlighter, blue whiteboard marker, red whiteboard marker, and red pen into a mesh container and deliver it to Steve's desk
put all fruits into red bowl
put all of the chocolates into the white tray
put all of the colored plastic mugs back into the top drawer
Put all of the writing instruments from the table into the mesh cup and then return them to their places in the supply cabinet
put all the apples in the bowl
put all the chips back into the bin.
put all the chips back to the box
put all the chips in the basket.
Put all the condiments in the tray according to type
put all the fruit from the top drawer and put it in the basket
put all the fruits back in the bowl
put all the fruits back to the bowl
put all the fruits in the bowl
Put all the items on my desk into my file cabinet, then lock the file cabinet using the keys
put all the items on the desk into the file cabinet.
put all the oranges back into the bowl
put all the pears in the bowl
put all the pens and marker back in the pen holder
Put all the random items on the round side table into the bin. Close and latch the bin when you are done and then push the bin back to where you found it
put all the screwdrivers in the cup
Put almond eggs into a paper baggie and deliver them to Jodi
put apples into bowl
Put away popcorn snacks in drawer and get a bowl to place oranges into and place it with other fruits
Put away the charged go pro batteries, then put away fully charged oculus batteries before placing any that require charging into the charger
Put away the oculus set in the box and place two not fully charged batteries into its bowl
Put away the stirring sticks, the salt and pepper shakers, and the syrups and honey
put back all the fruits inside the bowl
Put back all the oatmeal to the rack
Put back the notepad from my desk and get me a scissor from printer room to my desk
Put back the oatmeal in the rack
Put back the remote controller for the tv
put balls into the container
put belongings into a box.
put belongings into the box
put chips into the tray
Put coffee mugs away in the drawer
put cups in drawer
put cups in the spinning carousel
put cups into drawer
put duck into the basket
put ducks in a group
put empty hint water into recycling bin.
put everything back into the bin
put everything into the desk organizer and put it on the floor.
put fish into table top bin and close it with the lid
put fruit into bowl
put fruit on the bookshelf
put fruits back to the bowl
put lid on pistachio container
put loose items in box and put on table
put loose items into bowls
Put my candy away in the filing cabinet before i finish it all, please!
put oatmeal packets in basket
put oatmeal packets in the basket
put office supplies back onto meeting room cart, then  move the cart back into the corner.
put office supplies back onto meeting room cart, then move the cart back into the corner.
put one highlighter on every desk.
put oranges into the bowl
Put out one notebook and one black pen for five seats in the conference room
Put pens away into one section and marker and highlighters into the other section inside the file cabinet, then lock the cabinet the put the key on the table
put pens back into container
put pens on desk back into pen cup.
put pistachios into the cup
put remaining items into the cardboard box
put snacks into the large white bowl, and put the forks back into the black cup.
put snacks into the tray
put some candies and pistachios in separate cups, then bring both to a table in the mk with a napkin.
put some oatmeal in the paper bowl.  then get a napkin and put a spoon on it next to the bowl.  lastly take an orange from the white bowl and place it next to the paper bowl.
put some pens in the box
put some pistachos in a cup for me please
put sticky notes away into the drawer and take out stapler and put on my desk
put stuff in drawers
put supplies in pencil holder.
Put the apples in the bowl
put the apples in the bowl
put the apples into the bowl
put the apples into the bowl.
put the apples into the crate
put the apples, the eraser, the cup into the bin
put the bananas in the bowl
put the bananas in the bowl and move it to another table.
Put the basket into the top left drawer, stock it with pita chips
put the black pens back into the pen holder with the other black pens
Put the blue pens in one tin and the black pens in the other tin
Put the boxes of invisible tape in the supply cabinet
put the cables and mouse back into the conference table trough and close the lid.
put the can in recycling, and the banana and napkins in compostables.
put the candies back into the tray
put the candies in the cup
put the candies in the red bowl and the fruits in the white bowl. then lay a napkin out and put the red bowl on top of it.
put the candies in the tray
put the candies in the tray.
put the candies into the tray
put the candies into the tray.
put the candy in the candy holder
put the cans in the tray.
put the cans into the cans and bottles bin
put the chip bags in the basket
put the chips back into the basket
Put the chips in the basket
put the chips in the basket
put the chips in the basket.
put the chips in the bin.
put the chips in the drawer
put the chips in the tray
put the chips in the tray.
put the chips in wire basket
put the chocolate in the candy holder
Put the chocolates in the white tray 
put the coffee packets in the box
Put the colored cups away into top right drawer and then put dish cleaning supplies into the holder
put the colored plastic cups away into the top drawer
Put the colored plastic cups into the top drawer
Put the colored plastic mugs away into the top drawer and make sure to sort them by color
put the condiments back into the condiment tray
Put the cups and lids on the rack.
put the cups in the cup holder.
put the cups in the drawer
put the cups in the spinning carousel
put the cups in the spinning carousel.
put the cups in the spinning rack
put the cutlery in the tin.
Put the drinks onto the rack
put the empty boxes on the table
Put the errant items where they belong and erase the whiteboard
Put the expo markers into the mesh container and return them to their designated trays inside the supply cabinet
put the filled tray of chocolates into the top left drawer
put the forks into the black container and make sure the handles are facing up
put the fruit in the basket
put the fruits away in the drawer
put the fruits from the basket into the top drawer
put the fruits from the top drawer into the basket
put the fruits from the top drawer into the bowl
put the fruits in the basket
put the fruits in the bowl
put the fruits in the bowl.
Put the fruits in the bowl. 
put the fruits in the glass jar.
put the gopro and accessories into the travel bag, and close it
put the highlighters and pens back into the pen holder
Put the highlighters and the pencils back in their respective places in the office supply closet.
put the highlighters in the tin.
put the highlighters into the desk organizer.
put the knives in the container
put the knives in the knife holder
put the large post-it notes in the tray and move the red pen into the mesh cup
put the last chocolate cookie into its tray, then put both trays away into the top left drawer
put the lids in the spinning carousel
put the lids on the spinning rack
put the loose items in the cup
put the loose plastic cups away into the middle section of the cup dispenser
put the loose plastic wrappers from the box into the recycle bin.
put the mandarins in the bowl.
Put the markers and the tape dispenser into the file cabinet, then lock it
put the oatmeal packets in the tray
put the office supplies back into their proper place
put the orange peels in the bowl, move that and the banana to the small table, then clean the big table with a wipe
Put the oranges in the bowl
put the oranges in the bowl
put the packets into the box
put the pens and highlighters into the pen holder.
put the pens in the container
put the pens in the holder with the other pens then put the pen holder on the cart
put the pens in the pen container
put the pens in the pen holder
Put the pens in the pen holder.
put the pens in the pen holder.
put the pens in their own pen holder according to their color
Put the pens, the knives and the forks into their own containers
put the pistachios back in the cup
Put the plastic mugs back inside the drawer
put the red and black pens in the bin then put the bin on the suppy cart
put the red pens and the red whiteboard eraser away in my file cabinet for me, please
put the redbulls in the can holder
Put the robots away into the basket
Put the scissors away in the supply cabinet and bring me a yellow highlighter
put the seaweed back into the tray.
put the seaweed into the tray
put the sharpie, the marker and the eraser into the file cabinet top caddy, then close the file cabinet
put the snacks in the jar, and the pens in the cup
put the spoons in the container
put the spoons in the holder.
put the spoons in the spoon holder
put the spoons in the utensil holder
Put the sticky notes and the screen wipes away
put the supplies in the pencil holder.
Put the tissue, pencil lead, scissors and highlighters where they belong
put the tray of unreal chocolates away into the top left drawer
Put the whiteboard eraser back into its holster, then return it to the file cabinet before locking the cabinet with the key
put the writing instruments and sticky notes in the organizer
put the writing instruments back into the tray
Put the writing instruments from Steve's desk back to where they belong in the supply cabinet
put the writing instruments in the holder
put the writing instruments in the holder.
put the writing instruments in the metal tin
put the writing instruments into the holder.
put the writing utensils back in the container
put the writing utensils back in the mesh container
put the writing utensils in the container
Put the writing utensils in the pen container 
Put the writing utensils in the pen holder.
Put thetools back in the toolbox
put towels and sponge into basket
Put two tissue boxes on the conference table and place six sets of notepads and blue pens on the table
rearrange the boxes
recycle my cup of tea into the compost 
refil oatmeal tray with oatmeal packets until both sides have at least 3 packets
refill clear cups into a bracket spot of its tray that has a low amount.
refill forks cup with the forks from the table.
refill fruit bowls in MK
refill knives cup with knives on the table.
Refill my cup of water, replace the cap and straw, and then put it back where you found it.
Refill my water and place it on Utsav's desk. Be sure to throw away the old cap and replace it with a new one. 
refill oatmeal tray with oatmeal packets until both sides have atleast 3 packets.
Refill paper cups and evenly distribute them in the cup holder
Refill the espresso disks in the metal tray
Refill the espresso disks tray in the MK
Refill the stack of cups and the coffee lids please
relocate green rolling pin
remove all oatmeal packets from its tray.
Remove all the black pens from the pen holder.
remove all the cups from the spinning rack
remove all the lids from the spinning rack
remove apples from the bowl
remove bananas from the bowl
Remove blue pens from the cup.
Remove blue unreal chocolate bars from the tray.
Remove Blue unreal dark chocolate bars from the tray.
Remove blue unreal dark chocolate bars from the tray.
remove cans from the rack
remove cups from the rack
Remove oatmeal packets from the tray.
remove oranges from the bowl
Remove red pens from the cup.
remove red unreal chocolate bar from the tray
Remove red unreal dark chocolate bars from the tray.
Remove seaweed snack from the basket.
Remove Seaweed snacks from the basket.
Remove seaweed snacks from the basket.
remove seaweed snacks from the basket.
remove the candies from the tray
remove the cans from the rack
Remove the chip bags from the basket.
remove the chips from the tray and place it on the table.
Remove the drinks from the rack
remove the empty drinks from the rack
Remove the fruits from the bowl.
Remove the sanitization products from the table and put it away.
Remove the sauces, honey, salt & pepper, stirrer and black mat and clean the table
remove the waters from the rack
removing obstacles from the floor
reorganize all the green seaweed snack to the right side of the basket
reorganize all the seaweed and sweet corn snacks in the mk
reorganize all the seaweed snacks in the mk
Reorganize the pillows on the couch. 
Reorganize the pillows on the couches. 
Replace my cup a water with a new one
Replace the pens with highlighters from the pen holder
replenish clear cups into brackets that have a low amount.
Reset the phone room after use.
restack all the cups and lift them upright on the table
Restack the books from the basket on the shelf.
restack the bowls
restack the cups
Restock bananas into bowl in the MK.
Restock oatmeal package into the basket
Restock paper cups and lids in the MK
Restock the bags of orange cookies from the cart into the basket
Restock the burn gell and burn dressing
Restock the coffee cups in the spinning cup holder
Restock the Coke Zero and Diet Coke in the refrigerator
Restock the cup with blue pens and put them on the table in the phone room. please close the door on your way out.
Restock the cup with red pens and put them on the table in the phone room. please close the door on your way out.
Restock the eyewash and eye dressing
Restock the fridge with Califia Farms oatmilk and almond milk from the service cart
Restock the gauze and scissors
Restock the ice packs and bandage rolls
Restock the Illy coffee packets on top of the espresso machine
Restock the items on the table into their correct places in the supply cabinet
Restock the knives from the plastic bag into the black container
Restock the loose forks and spoons into their containers, then put the colored cups away into the top right drawer
Restock the loose items on the table into their designated places in the supply cabinet
Restock the Numi tea boxes into the correct places
Restock the Numi tea boxes into the display
Restock the Numi tea boxes into the tea box display
Restock the Numi teaboxes into the display. Use the map inside the Micro Kitchen Binder next to the microwave to ensure the tea boxes are placed into the correct places 
Restock the oatmeal packets from the cart into the oatmeal packet holder on the table
Restock the pipcorn from the cart into the wooden tray
Restock the plastic forks into the black container
Restock the plastic knives and spoons into the proper containers
Restock the plastic spoons into the black cylindrical container
Restock the refrigerator with the soda cans and fix the lables
Restock the refrigerator with the Tejava tea bottles from the cart
Restock the regular Illy and the decaf Illy packets
Restock the Rold Gold pretzel and the Smartfood popcorn bags. Put them one type per row
Restock the Seaweed snacks, pretzles and popcorn
Restock the Siete tortilla chips into the basket
Restock the snack tray in the MK 
Restock the sodas into the right side of the fridge
Restock the spoons and knives, then put the colored cups away into the top right drawer
Restock the spoons into the spoon holder
Restock the Sugar in the Raw and the coffee cup insulators into the caddy on the table
Restock the Sweet n Low packets in the front middle section of the sweetener display
Restock the tea, the Red Bull and the Pepsit into the left side of the refrigerator
Restock the tray of pretzles and popcorn 
retrieve my notebooks from my bag and place the notebooks on my desk.
Retrieve the colored plastic cups from the top right drawer
Retrieve the file cabinet keys from inside the mesh container. Unlock the file cabinet, then fill the mesh container with all of the pens and highlighters in the tray. Close the drawer and then move the mesh container back to the table
Retrieve the highlighters and expo markers from Steve's desk and return them to the supply cabinet
Retrieve the mesh container from the supply cabinet and fill it up with the writing instruments on Steve's desk. Then return all the items to their places inside the supply cabinet
retrieve the narrow white tray from the top left drawer and close the drawer
retrieve the six colored cups from the top right drawer
Return all loose stationery items back to the desktop stationery holder, then scoot the holder to the back of the desk
Return all of the items inside the mesh container back to their places in the supply cabinet, then put the empty container back on the table
Return all the dishwashing items to the dishwashing caddy
Return all the items in the mesh container back to where they belong inside the supply cabinet
return the balls back into the container, then put the lid back on the container
return the blue highlighter pen to the correct place in the supply cabinet, please, then close the cabinet doors
Return the books to the book shelf.
Return the coffee stirrers, syrups, salt, pepper and honey to their proper places
Return the colored plastic cups to the top right drawer
return the mouse pad to the stack on the bookshelf
return the pack of wipes to the cart, then return the usb c charger box to the bookshelf
Return the pens and the notebooks to the stationery cart
Return the red notebook and the black marker to the file cabinet, then lock the cabinet
return the red pen and blue marker from the tabletop pen holder to my file cabinet below the desk
Return the red whiteboard eraser in the cart to the door of the supply cabinet
Return the writing instruments back to the supply cabinet
Scoop me a snack from the MK and secure the cup with a lid.
Scoop out 10 espresso beans from the cup and into the small paper bag
Scoop pistachios into the bowl and take it to the desk
scoop pistachios into the bowl.
scoop snack into cup
Scoop some espresso means into my cup please
Select each color of highlighters and bring it to the desk
separate apple and pear and put it in different bowls
separate savory and sweet snacks into different baskets.
separate the blue pens into their own container
separate the blue pens into their own pen holder
separate the red and black pens and put them into their own containers
separate the red and blue pens in different containers.
separate the small and big rubber ducks into different baskets.
separate the toys and microfiber cloths into different baskets.
separate the toys and snacks into different baskets.
Serve snacks to tables in MK.
Set a notebook on each desk on one side of the room
Set the table with sanitizer, alcohol wipes, and tissues.
Set up the mancala game.
Set up the meeting room
set up the table for guests
Some pens fell out of the pen holder. Please put them back in. 
someone made a mess at this table, please clean it up and throw the items away into their proper bins
Someone must have had the munchies really badly and they made a mess of the snack baskets. Please organize them
Sort all the books by color.
Sort all the pens by color.
sort animals next to each other
sort black and blue pens. black pens to the left of the holder and blue pens to the right of the holder.
sort blue and black pens
sort blue and black pens.
sort blue pens to the left of the holder and black pens to the right of the holder.
Sort fruits into the plates by bananas, oranges and etc.
sort pens
sort pens.
sort the black and blue pens
Sort the blue and black pens into the pen holder.
sort the blue pens from the black pens.
Sort the candies into different bags according to color
sort the colored whiteboard markers into different pen holders.
Sort the pens by color.
Sort the spoons, knives, and forks into different cups and place them in the top drawer under the countertop
sort the untensils in the containers
sort the utensils in each container
sort the utensils in the containers
stack all cups upside down into one stack.
stack all the clear cups
Stack all the cups, bowls, and small plates together.
stack bowls on each other
stack cups
Stack cups from the table and place them next to the compostables trash
stack cups into two piles separating the two different types.
stack plates
stack the cups
Stack the cups and put away the blocks
stack the cups and put away the blocks
stack the cups and put the blocks away
stack the cups and then throw them away into the compostables bin
stack the cups on top of each other
Stack the cups up and refill the cup holder
stack the cups with the cups with the stickers 1st and put the green cup in front of the stacked cups
stack the mini cups on top of each other
stack the plates on top of each other
stack the rest of the coffee lids into the dispenser
stack the small cup into the big bowl and toss them into the compostables bin
Stack those paper cups and utensils and take them to the compostables bin
Steve did not need the writing instruments or the tape but he dumped them all over his desk. Please put them all back into the mesh container and return them all to their places in the supply cabinet
Steve is done using the writing instruments, the notebook, and the post-it note pad, please return them to their places inside the supply cabinet
Steve made a mess of the pens and pencils on his desk, please gather them into the mesh container and return them to the supply cabinet
Steve Vega would like the following delivered to his desk inside of a mesh container: one blue highlighter, one yellow highlighter, one blue expo marker and one red expo marker
stick straw into the lid of the cup
Stock paper cups into the empty slot in the display
Stock the alcohol prep pads in two side-by-side piles into the screen cleaning wipes tray and make sure the wipes are all right side up and facing up
stock the bowl with oranges
Stock the bown sugar packets in the front left section of the dispenser
Stock the C&H sugar packets into their designated spaces inside the sweetener display case
Stock the chocolate cookies into the left side of the basket, then stock the blueberry lemon cookies into the right side
Stock the chocolate truffle balls into the tray on the left, then stock the unreal candies into the other tray before moving both filled trays into the top right drawer.
stock the clear cups into the cup display
stock the coconut candy into the front of the tray, matching the label orientation of the others
Stock the coffee insulators into the center of the sweetener display case
Stock the coffee lids and cups into the caddy
stock the forks into the container
stock the four numi tea boxes into the bottom of the display
stock the four numi tea boxes into the front of the display
stock the fruit bowl with bananas.
stock the fruit bowl with oranges.
Stock the golden chai, mate lemon, turmeric amber sun, and moroccan mint Numi tea boxes into the tea box display
Stock the items on the table into their designated places in the supply cabinet
Stock the items on the table into where they belong in the supply cabinet
Stock the items on the table into where they belong in the tray
stock the knives into the container, handle side up
Stock the loose items from the table into the supply cabinet
Stock the paper cups evenly into the three sections and then stock the lids into one section of the carousel
stock the paper cups into the empty section of the cup dispenser
Stock the paper into the top paper tray in the printer
Stock the pink Lesser Evil popcorn bags into the basket
stock the pita chips into the basket
stock the plastic forks handles facing up into the black container
Stock the plastic lids into the far left section of the dispenser, then stock the plastic cups evenly into the two remaining sections
stock the rest of the rold gold bags into the right row of the basket
Stock the Smart 50 popcorn and the Rold Gold bags into the grey bin, then the pipcorn and the nacho chips into the green bin
stock the spinning rack with cups
stock the spinning rack with lids
stock the spoons into the black container
Stock the tape rolls and pencils into the supply cabinet
Stock the Unreal peanut butter patties in the back of the tray and the coconut bars in the front of the tray
Stock the water and Coke into the right side of the beverage refrigerator
Stock the writing pads and the notebooks into the supply cabinet
Straighten the pillow and tuck in all the charging cables in this conference room
Straighten up the fruit tags and the cereal tags, then arrange the utensil containers neatly alongside the cereal jars
surrond the post it note with the plants
surround the cup with the plants
sweep everything off the table
sweep the table
take a string cheese to the desk and throw away the folded paper
take all of the items out of the supply tray and put them on the table
take all of the popcorn bags out of the chip tray
take all of the striped balls out of the rack and drop them in the corner pocket
take apart box with tape
take apples out of bowl
take boat toy out of basket
take cap and bag from the coat rack and put it on the table
take cap and bag off the coat rack to the table.
take computer parts from the desk to the recycle bin
take computer parts to the reycle bin
take duck out of basket
Take my candy out of the filing cabinet but toss the Laffy Taffy away
take my hat from the rack and bring it to my desk
take orange pels from the desk and take them to the compostables bin
take out 3 numi tea boxes from the middle drawer onto the table, close drawer, then place the boxes into the bottom row trays.
take out 3 numi tea boxes from the top drawer onto the table, close drawer, then place the boxes into the bottom row trays.
take out 4 numi tea boxes from the top drawer onto the table, close drawer, then place the boxes into the bottom row trays.
Take out a mug and a chocolate from the drawer and place them on the tabe
take out all the apples from the bowl
take out all the chips from the box
Take out all the fruits from the bowl
take out all the fruits from the bowl
take out all the knifes from the knife holder
Take out all the oatmeal packets from the tray
take out all the pens
Take out all the pens and marker from pen holder
Take out all the pens and the marker from pen holder
take out all the pens from penholder
take out chips from the wire basket and put it in top drawer
take out chips from wire basket
Take out chocolate cookie squares from the tray.
take out duck from plate on counter in a group
Take out fruits from the bowl
Take out my stapler, hand sanitizer and badge reel from the filing cabinet
Take out oatmeal from the rack
Take out the kitchen sink supplies from the caddy
take out the knives from the bowls
Take out the oculus set from the box and grab me two charged AA batteries
take out the plants of the green bin and make a virtcal line of the plants.
take out the popcorn bags and line up the kettle chps in one row
take snacks from desk and deliver them to the room next door
take the bag and cap on the desk and hang them on the coat rack
take the bag on the desk and hang it on the coat rack
Take the boxes of tea off the display rack and put them back in the drawer
take the candies out of the snack tray
take the candies out of the tray
Take the cart to the supply cabinet and bring back five quad-ruled notebooks to place on the conference table. Give each of those five seats a blue pen as well
take the chips out of the bin and place it on the table.
Take the chips out of the bin. Take the laffy taffy out of the bowls. Take the tongs out of the mesh containers.
Take the coffee cup and drop it in the compostables bin
take the colored cups out of the top drawer and place them onto the counter
take the controllers off the base
Take the cups of utensils out of the top drawer and put two sets of utensils on napkins at one of the tables on the mk
take the cups out of the green bin that are currenty in a horizontal line
Take the empty box from the trash bin and place it in the correct recycle bin
take the fruit out of the bowl
Take the fruits out of the bowl
Take the fruits out of the bowl.
take the grapes out of the bowl and place them on the table
Take the mugs out of the drawer and onto the table
Take the oatmeal packets out of the tray.
Take the plastic mugs out of the drawer
Take the redbull can to the black desk and close the refrigerator door
Take the snacks from the desk and return them to the drawer in the MK
take the solid color balls out of the rack in numerical order
take the thermometer to the table in the supplies room
take the tongs out of the jar and put it into the cup
Take the trash off the table in the roon and throw it away. Then come back and close the door
take the trash to the compostables bin by the elevator
take the uncapped marker from the phone room desk. then use the marker to make a drawing on the phone room whiteboard, and erase the drawing when it is complete.
take the yellow can and drop it into the recyclables bin and then call the elevator up please.
take towels out from basket and place on counter
tatake the apple from my desk and return it to the table in the mk
testing42
The basket with the brownie cookies and the chocolate cookie squares looks messy, please organize it
the container holding the utensils got knocked over, please place all of the spilled utensils back into the container
The counter in the RC5 is musty. Can you please wipe it down with a Lysol wipe?
The cup stack seems to have fallen! Can you stack it back up?
the desk is messy, grab a brush and bin and sweep the trash onto the bin
the desk is messy, grab a brush and sweep the trash onto the floor
the fully charged batteries were accidently placed in the orange bowl, please place them in the green one to indicate they are fully charged
The lab area needs to be off limits, find the orange cones and block off the entrance to the lab
The meeting finished in the Mount Rainer meeting room. Can you tuck in all the chairs to prepare it for the next meeting?
The meeting has concluded, help me hide away the charging cables into the table, put the remotes in the center of the table, put the notebooks and pens back into the cart, and push chairs in
The meeting has concluded, please put all pens away where they belong in the cart, then push all the chairs in.
The meeting has concluded, please tuck in all the charging cables, straighten up the tissue boxes, put the cup on the bench and put away the screen wipes
The meeting has ended, please push in all the chairs and return all the pens to the service cart
The meeting is finished, put all of the pens back into the pen holder on the cart and push the chairs in
the meeting is over, can you whipe down the rollaway table with a disinfecting wipe and put the table away
The meeting is over, please hide all the charging cables back into the table, push the chairs in, and put all the stationery products back into the cart
The meeting is over, please put any charging cables away into the table, put the pens away into the cart, and push in the chairs
The meeting is over, please put the pens and sticky notes back into the cart, then push in all the chairs
The meeting is over, please tuck al lthe charging cables into the table and push in the chairs
the meeting is over, please tuck the charging cable back into the table
The meeting is over. Can you clean up the Mount Rainier meeting room?
The parm crisps in the basket are messy, arrange them nicely into a row
The pen holder fell! Put the writing utensils in the pen holder.
The pen holder seems to have fallen. Can you pick it back up and put back any items that fell out of it?
The person at the desk behind me wants some pistachios, please scoop some into a paper bowl and deliver them to that desk
The spoon holder fell. Can you pick it back up and put the spoons back inside?
The stack of mini cups fell. Can you stack them back up?
there are markers on the ground please pick them up and put sort them in each cups
there are markers on the ground please pick them up and sort them in each cup
there are markers on the ground. please pick them up and sort them in each cups
there are markers on the ground. please pick them up and sort them in the cups
There are some books in the desk can you keep it back organized in bookshelf
there is a bin on the floor, please put all the items from the bin onto the table
There is a mess in the table can you clean it up
there is a trash can right outside the micro kitchen, please throw these candy wrappers away for me
There is a trash in my desk can you throw it and while coming back can you get me a laffy taffy from MK kitchen to my desk
There is a trash in my desk can you throw it away and get me a banana from mk kitchen to my desk
there is a trash in my desk can you throw it in trash and get me a sanitizer
there is a trash on my desk can you throw it and get me a chips from Mk kitchen
there is a yellow notepad on the table, please return it to the supply cabinet, then close the cabinet doors
There is an Ensure bottle on the table. Please throw out the contents in the sink and then throw away the bottle in the proper bin.
There is no cup for the scooper. Help me place the scooper on the napkin and put the lid back on the jar.
there is rubbish on the table, please throw them away into the correct places in the disposal bins on the floor by the door
There is trash in my desk can you throw it and while coming back can you get me a hint watermelon from Mk fridge to my desk
There is trash near the sink in the MK. Can you throw it away?
There's a mess of writing instruments on the table, please organize them back into their places in the supply cabinet
There's some sticky stuff on the table, pleae grab a lysol wipe to wipe down that area of the table
There's trash in the 1157 MK. Can you throw it away please?
These bananas are super old, please throw them into the compost and then dispose of the paper lining the bowl as well.
these computer parts dont work, can you grab them from my desk and drop them in the e-waste bin?
This service cart needs to go back to the conference room, please fill it with the conference room stationery items for me
throw away all the trash at the end of the table
throw away all the trash on the table into a green compost bin
Throw away all the trash that is on the table
Throw away cup from the desk
throw away empty bowl into compostable garbage bin.
throw away the cans, then use the wipe to clean the table.
throw away the chocolate chip cookie wrapper, then bring me a seaweed snack and put it on the counter.
throw away the cocunut water
throw away the empty cans in the drawer
throw away the food wrappers and dink can into the appropriate bins
throw away the garbage on my desk, then put the snacks back into the jar
throw away the rotting bananas into the compostables bin.
Throw away the trash left on the table
throw away the trash on the floor.
throw away the trash on the table.
Throw away the wipe that was used to clean the library table
throw away trash
Throw away trash and compostable items from my desk
Throw away trash and compostable items on the table and whoever's trash in the MK
Throw away trash on the table according to trash type
throw left over lunch from box to table top trashbin
throw the banana peel in the compostables, the can in the recycling, and the cookie wrapper in the landfill bin.
throw the can in the recycling and the paper towel in the trash.
throw the empty boxes away
throw the fruits in the recycle bin
Throw the laffy taffy in the trash can and can you grab my headphones from my desk which is on my bag and bring it to me in the mk kitchen
throw the napkin into the compostables and the seaweed snack wrapper in the trash.
Throw the trash away and refill my coffee cup with water. Be sure to replace the lid! 
Throw the trash away from the counter and then wipe it clean. Throw the wipe away afterwards.
throw the water bottle into the cans and bottles recycling bin
throw throw away the trash on the desk.
throw tissue away
tidy up table space.
Tidy up the conference room after the meeting
Tidy up the Lesser Evil popcorn bags in the basket
Tidy up the mk table by straightening out the fruit labels, lining up the utensil holders and straightening the honey bottle platform
Tidy up the phone room
Tidy up the table by putting all charging cables and loose cables into the table storage, place loose items into the cart, put the folders in the binder, then clean up the table with a Lysol wipe and throw away the wipe 
Toss my empty bottle and wrapper away in the proper bins.
transfer the gum from the small cup to the large cup and place it in the supplies tray.can you throw the small cup away in the compostables bin too?
trash all the empty wrappers at my lunch table
try to clean up room
Tuck all the charging cables back into the table, then push in all the chairs
tuck in all the chairs
Tuck in all the chairs in the library.
Tuck the cables into the table, pick up the meeting control screen, and erase the whiteboard with the eraser block
Turn off all the accessible lamps in the room.
turn on the lights in the room
unclick all the pens and put them in the pen container
unfold pants
unfold the brown sweater
unfold the hoodie
unfold the sweater
Unlock the file cabinet and move all writing instruments to the mesh container on the table, cap side up. Then lock the file cabinet and place the key on the table
Unlock the file cabinet and put all the writing instruments into the top tray. Open the bottom drawer, close the notebook and put the notebook in there before locking the cabinet.
Unlock the file cabinet and put away the pen, the highlighter, the gamepadand the charging cable before locking up the file cabinet again
Unlock the file cabinet and retrieve the red notebook and black marker
Unlock the file cabinet and retrieve the whiteboard eraser from it
Unlock the file cabinet and use the mesh cup to retreive all of the writing utensils from the tray
unlock the file cabinet with the key and put all the writing instruments into the mesh container
Unstack all the cups, bowls, and small plates together.
unstack boats
unstack cups
unstack plates
unstack the bowls and place them onto the table
unstack the cups
unstack the cups and make a diagonal line with the green cup at the 10 oclock of the line
unstack the cups and make a horizontal line of the cups. place the green cup at the west most point of the line and alternate cups withs stickers and no stickers.
unstack the cups and make a square. place the cups with the stickers on the west side of the square and the rest on the east. finally place the green cup on the top of the square
unstack the cups and the bowls, then put one orange into each bowl
unstack the small bowls. then take the snacks and fruit out of the top drawer, and put the snacks in the small bowl and the fruit in to large bowl
use rag to wipe whiteboard in meeting room.
use retractable pen and write on paper
Use the blue dry erase marker to write something on the rolling whiteboard
use the brush to sweep all the cleaning wipes onto the floor.
Use the cart to gather the items on my desk, then place them all into locker #20. Bring the cart back to me after
Use the disinfectant wipes to wipe the table clean.
Use the eraser to clear the rolling whiteboard
Use the hanging towel to erase the whiteboard, then hand the towel back up
Use the key to lock the file cabinet
Use the mesh cup to bring me back following from the supply cabinet: two blue highlighters, two blue expo markers, two red expo markers, and two yellow highlighters
Use the rectagular eraser to erase everything on the whiteboard
Use the red eraser to erase the whiteboard. Make sure to slide the front board over to reveal any hidden writing
Use the sponge to wipe the entire surface of the table
use the supplies cart to distribute the markers to the white boards
use the tongs to put the fruit in the bowl.
Use this cart to retrieve all of my items from locker number 20, then place all the items on my desk
vput the cookie wrapper in the trash, the can in the recycling, and the napkins in the compostables.
Wash and dry an apple in the MK.
wash and dry the cup in the mk sink, then bring it back and put it away in the top drawer
We are done with the meeting. Can you return all the sticky notepads and pens to the cart?
We are done with the meeting. Please clean up the stationery.
We are done with the meeting. Please put away the books in the conference room.
We are done with the meeting. Please put away the pens in the conference room.
We borrowed some chairs for our meeting, please return two of them to the phone rooms that are missing chairs
We have a meeting soon. Can you prepare the Focal Point meeting room?
We just finished the meeting. Clean up the meeting room.
Wipe down the phone room. 
Wipe down Utsav's desk with a wipe and then throw away the coffee cup.
Wipe my laptop screen using the wipe on my laptop and then throw the wipe away.
Wipe off the drawing on the whiteboard
wipe off the marker stains on the desk
wipe the counter with the napkins
Wipe the library table
Wipe the library table 
Wipe the library table clean with the wipes.
Wipe the MK counter clean
Wipe the standing desk clean
Wipe the table in the library.
Wipe the whiteboard clean in the conference room.
write on the cup.
write on the sheet of paper.
write on the sticky note and stick it to the wall.
write on the whiteboard.
Write something on the whiteboard with the green marker.
